"<s> The Halsey House Bed & Breakfast enjoys a reputation of gracious hospitality in the midst of a true upstate New York Finger Lakes Region classic historic Inn experience. The grand Federal-style mansion, built in 1829 and on the National Historic Register, has a stately presence on attractively landscaped grounds. The Halsey House is a 5 room bed and breakfast located on the outskirts of the Town of Trumansburg in Ulysses, New York that enjoys a solid lodging business. The grand Federal-style mansion, built in 1829 and on the National Historic Register, has a stately presence on attractively landscaped grounds. The inn enjoys a reputation of gracious hospitality in the midst of a true upstate New York Finger Lakes Region classic historic Inn experience. As bed and breakfasts go, Halsey House boasts very spacious and comfortable owner’s quarters on the second floor and additional space currently serving as a “parrot house” (ask, you’ll be amazed!). It is not hard to see a new owner moving their bedroom into the current sitting room upstairs and converting the parrot room to a spacious living/family room, making it quarters of above-average size. Can you say “flexibility?”The kitchen, which is currently off limits to guests, is very spacious and attractive, contributing to the appeal of the inn and opening the possibility of a new owner offering cooking classes. In addition to the 5 guestrooms, outside there is a patio with a fire pit, pond with a waterfall feature and scenic landscaped gardens. A large detached garage provides abundant storage for household goods, workshop, and vehicles. Both are a real plus for the property. The area is a highly desirable location for guests to realize the true four season New York Finger Lakes experience. The Inn provides guests with a premier lake and wine country resort experience with Taughannock State Park just minutes away and easy access to the NASCAR track at Watkins Glenn. The B&B’s proximity to Ithaca and Cornell University as well as outdoor attractions makes it a convenient place to enjoy the diverse recreational offerings of the area. The property was purchased by the current owners in 2000 with the intent of restoring the property to its original grand style, which they have done in superb fashion. 2011 occupancy of 44% and ADR of $234.00 make this a viable business. The Halsey House was offered for the very defensible price of $915,000 and has been SOLD! Thanks to Eliot Dalton of The B&B Team® / Eliot Dalton for representing the buyers. For details contact Peter Scherman (434-286-4600) or Rick Wolf (207-967-1995) of The B&B Team, Inn Consultants LLC. New York broker of record is David Irish of Audrey Edelman Realty. All photos (except kitchen) by Jumping Rocks. </s>" <s> The Halsey House Bed & Breakfast enjoys a reputation of gracious hospitality in the midst of a true upstate New York Finger Lakes Region classic historic Inn experience. The grand Federal-style mansion, built in 1829 and on the National Historic Register, has a stately presence on attractively landscaped grounds. The Halsey House is a 5 room bed and breakfast located on the outskirts of the Town of Trumansburg in Ulysses, New York that enjoys a solid lodging business. The grand Federal-style mansion, built in 1829 and on the National Historic Register, has a stately presence on attractively landscaped grounds. The inn enjoys a reputation of gracious hospitality in the midst of a true upstate New York Finger Lakes Region classic historic Inn experience. As bed and breakfasts go, Halsey House boasts very spacious and comfortable owner’s quarters on the second floor and additional space currently serving as a “parrot house” (ask, you’ll be amazed!). It is not hard to see a new owner moving their bedroom into the current sitting room upstairs and converting the parrot room to a spacious living/family room, making it quarters of above-average size. Can you say “flexibility?”The kitchen, which is currently off limits to guests, is very spacious and attractive, contributing to the appeal of the inn and opening the possibility of a new owner offering cooking classes. In addition to the 5 guestrooms, outside there is a patio with a fire pit, pond with a waterfall feature and scenic landscaped gardens. A large detached garage provides abundant storage for household goods, workshop, and vehicles. Both are a real plus for the property. The area is a highly desirable location for guests to realize the true four season New York Finger Lakes experience. The Inn provides guests with a premier lake and wine country resort experience with Taughannock State Park just minutes away and easy access to the NASCAR track at Watkins Glenn. The B&B’s proximity to Ithaca and Cornell University as well as outdoor attractions makes it a convenient place to enjoy the diverse recreational offerings of the area. The property was purchased by the current owners in 2000 with the intent of restoring the property to its original grand style, which they have done in superb fashion. 2011 occupancy of 44% and ADR of $234.00 make this a viable business. The Halsey House was offered for the very defensible price of $915,000 and has been SOLD! Thanks to Eliot Dalton of The B&B Team® / Eliot Dalton for representing the buyers. For details contact Peter Scherman (434-286-4600) or Rick Wolf (207-967-1995) of The B&B Team, Inn Consultants LLC. New York broker of record is David Irish of Audrey Edelman Realty. All photos (except kitchen) by Jumping Rocks. </s>
"<s> This is a Zydeco dance instructional DVD that brings together the time-proven videos, Learn to Zydeco Dance Tonite and Advanced Zydeco Dance, into one comprehensive package. Dance instructors Ben Pagac and Debbie Shaw regularly explore the southwest Louisiana Zydeco dance halls and bring to the viewer not only the authentic steps, but also the joy and sprit of the dance. The teaching method is relaxed, clear, and easy to follow. Part one breaks down the fundamental step, demonstrates the subtle Zydeco weight shifts, explains partnering, and provides more than twelve moves and step variations. Part two progresses with more than 20 challenging moves and variations. The entire DVD clocks in at 90 minutes, so there is a lot of valuable material covered. Additionally, the DVD is professionally authored with menu buttons that allow you to selectively jump to desired sections without having to scroll. Recommend this Cajun and Zydeco Videos and DVDs page to a friend. </s>" <s> This is a Zydeco dance instructional DVD that brings together the time-proven videos, Learn to Zydeco Dance Tonite and Advanced Zydeco Dance, into one comprehensive package. Dance instructors Ben Pagac and Debbie Shaw regularly explore the southwest Louisiana Zydeco dance halls and bring to the viewer not only the authentic steps, but also the joy and sprit of the dance. The teaching method is relaxed, clear, and easy to follow. Part one breaks down the fundamental step, demonstrates the subtle Zydeco weight shifts, explains partnering, and provides more than twelve moves and step variations. Part two progresses with more than 20 challenging moves and variations. The entire DVD clocks in at 90 minutes, so there is a lot of valuable material covered. Additionally, the DVD is professionally authored with menu buttons that allow you to selectively jump to desired sections without having to scroll. Recommend this Cajun and Zydeco Videos and DVDs page to a friend. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> ""Aggravated Organizms"" is a collection of 3ftX5ft masks carved by Drew Michael and painted by Elizabeth Ellis. Each piece is a representation of one of the top ten diseases affecting Alaskan communities. The magnified masks explore how all living organisms are composed of cells and sometimes these bodies of cells are overtaken by the complexities of life. This merging of science, health, and art is a powerful expression of ideas and topics that need to be explored in creative ways. Part of the engagement process for this project is about connecting people to topics through art. During the 3.5 years, spanning from May 7th, 2013 - October 1, 2017, these masks representing 10 diseases within our communities across Alaska and the lower 48 We have opened up the opportunity for people affected by any one of these particular diseases to sign the backs of the masks themselves. Drew Michael and Elizabeth Ellis sitting with Aggravated Organizms opening night June 21st, 2013. Photo by Douglas Reynolds. Cancer is abnormal cell growth that has the capacity to invade and destroy the body. Otherwise healthy cells are affected by extrinsic and intrinsic factors that cause damage to DNA within the cell. The programming of cells is altered and basic functions are abandoned such as growth, protein synthesis, division and natural cellular death. This alteration leads to a proliferation of abnormal cellular behaviors, resulting in production of tumors and possible metastasis—the capacity of these damaged cells to travel through the circulatory and lymph systems, affecting distant organs, making the disease process difficult to control. One out of four people is affected by cancer, and nearly half of men in Alaska will be affected, a third of the women. The landscape of cancer is not yet stoppable. It is the beetle kill of the body—felled cellular strands forced to absorb and consume—intimately woven into a picturesque topography. are complicated by self-medicating. Alcohol abuse and alcoholism stress the body’s systems into long lasting, negative responses. It leads to brain cell death and compromised cognitive function. This can result in poor decision-making algorithms that directly affect the escalating numbers of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases. Alcoholism is a disease. It is not a weakness of an isolated demographic. It harbors true physical and psychological dependencies that require medical intervention, non-judgment, and patience. It requires our attention. one ranking, suicide rate. This is unforgivable. Every Alaskan deserves a chance at a long and meaningful, healthy life. attack. Poor diet, smoking, and hypertension are a few of the precursors that cause the damming from within. and ultimately an end-stage renal failure in those diagnosed. In Alaska, diabetes is ever growing in the native population, with incident rates higher than any other group. Similar to that of a cold late Alaskan spring, the process appears dormant. And where the Yukon-Kuskokwim river ice flow is denied its cyclical and natural progression of melt, once calm ice is forced into upheaval, damaging both community and expectation. education and early detection, available treatment, and life quality. HIV status knowledge have contributed to the growing incident rates over the last decade. Culturally based stigmas surrounding sexual orientation create unique roadblocks in identification of those in need of regular testing and treatment. HIV is not impossibility, and no longer is it a death sentence. Close to a thousand Alaskans live with HIV, and due to advances in medicine, many lead normal and productive lives. There is no cure. There is, however, compassion and education, the two strongest arrows in Alaska’s awareness quiver. to population density, our nursing homes, homeless shelters and villages are areas with the greatest risk of spread. characterized in Rheumatoid Arthritis. A perverse acceleration of aging precipitated by great shifts of fluid, pressure and corrosion. A preview of Aggravated Organizms, by Elizabeth Ellis and Drew Michael. Elizabeth Ellis and Drew Michael in the finishing touches to the first of ten large scale masks were built. May 2013. Influenza Masks just on opening day in the Out North Gallery on June 21st, 2013. Photo by Douglas Reynolds. Drew Michael while building HIV, one of ten Aggravated Organzims masks in the spring of 2013. Photo by Katie Baldwin. Patrons at the museum on October 1st, 2016 signing masks before the transformation ceremony. Carrying of the masks to the front lawn. Placing masks into locations for dance ceremony. Purification song shared with community. view from behind the masks. Masks being placed in burning pits. Masks being released into the universe. Drew Michael and Elizabeth Ellis placing Fetal Alcohol Syndrome mask into fire. Pieces left over after the transformation ceremony. </s>" <s> """Aggravated" "Organizms""" is a collection of 3ftX5ft masks carved by Drew Michael and painted by Elizabeth Ellis. Each piece is a representation of one of the top ten diseases affecting Alaskan communities. The magnified masks explore how all living organisms are composed of cells and sometimes these bodies of cells are overtaken by the complexities of life. This merging of science, health, and art is a powerful expression of ideas and topics that need to be explored in creative ways. Part of the engagement process for this project is about connecting people to topics through art. During the 3.5 years, spanning from May 7th, 2013 - October 1, 2017, these masks representing 10 diseases within our communities across Alaska and the lower 48 We have opened up the opportunity for people affected by any one of these particular diseases to sign the backs of the masks themselves. Drew Michael and Elizabeth Ellis sitting with Aggravated Organizms opening night June 21st, 2013. Photo by Douglas Reynolds. Cancer is abnormal cell growth that has the capacity to invade and destroy the body. Otherwise healthy cells are affected by extrinsic and intrinsic factors that cause damage to DNA within the cell. The programming of cells is altered and basic functions are abandoned such as growth, protein synthesis, division and natural cellular death. This alteration leads to a proliferation of abnormal cellular behaviors, resulting in production of tumors and possible metastasis—the capacity of these damaged cells to travel through the circulatory and lymph systems, affecting distant organs, making the disease process difficult to control. One out of four people is affected by cancer, and nearly half of men in Alaska will be affected, a third of the women. The landscape of cancer is not yet stoppable. It is the beetle kill of the body—felled cellular strands forced to absorb and consume—intimately woven into a picturesque topography. are complicated by self-medicating. Alcohol abuse and alcoholism stress the body’s systems into long lasting, negative responses. It leads to brain cell death and compromised cognitive function. This can result in poor decision-making algorithms that directly affect the escalating numbers of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases. Alcoholism is a disease. It is not a weakness of an isolated demographic. It harbors true physical and psychological dependencies that require medical intervention, non-judgment, and patience. It requires our attention. one ranking, suicide rate. This is unforgivable. Every Alaskan deserves a chance at a long and meaningful, healthy life. attack. Poor diet, smoking, and hypertension are a few of the precursors that cause the damming from within. and ultimately an end-stage renal failure in those diagnosed. In Alaska, diabetes is ever growing in the native population, with incident rates higher than any other group. Similar to that of a cold late Alaskan spring, the process appears dormant. And where the Yukon-Kuskokwim river ice flow is denied its cyclical and natural progression of melt, once calm ice is forced into upheaval, damaging both community and expectation. education and early detection, available treatment, and life quality. HIV status knowledge have contributed to the growing incident rates over the last decade. Culturally based stigmas surrounding sexual orientation create unique roadblocks in identification of those in need of regular testing and treatment. HIV is not impossibility, and no longer is it a death sentence. Close to a thousand Alaskans live with HIV, and due to advances in medicine, many lead normal and productive lives. There is no cure. There is, however, compassion and education, the two strongest arrows in Alaska’s awareness quiver. to population density, our nursing homes, homeless shelters and villages are areas with the greatest risk of spread. characterized in Rheumatoid Arthritis. A perverse acceleration of aging precipitated by great shifts of fluid, pressure and corrosion. A preview of Aggravated Organizms, by Elizabeth Ellis and Drew Michael. Elizabeth Ellis and Drew Michael in the finishing touches to the first of ten large scale masks were built. May 2013. Influenza Masks just on opening day in the Out North Gallery on June 21st, 2013. Photo by Douglas Reynolds. Drew Michael while building HIV, one of ten Aggravated Organzims masks in the spring of 2013. Photo by Katie Baldwin. Patrons at the museum on October 1st, 2016 signing masks before the transformation ceremony. Carrying of the masks to the front lawn. Placing masks into locations for dance ceremony. Purification song shared with community. view from behind the masks. Masks being placed in burning pits. Masks being released into the universe. Drew Michael and Elizabeth Ellis placing Fetal Alcohol Syndrome mask into fire. Pieces left over after the transformation ceremony. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Here I am after 5 hours on Sarah Hook, not to bad though I wish that I could have finished off that wing but i will get it on the next round. Now I am off to put 5 hours into Twilight after I figure out where the mistake is! hello dear, it is really very lovely stitching..well done so far.. Looks great. Good luck with finish the mistake in Twilight. </s>" <s> Here I am after 5 hours on Sarah Hook, not to bad though I wish that I could have finished off that wing but i will get it on the next round. Now I am off to put 5 hours into Twilight after I figure out where the mistake is! hello dear, it is really very lovely stitching..well done so far.. Looks great. Good luck with finish the mistake in Twilight. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Happy Friday, blog friends! Sorry it has been a little quiet on my blog this week - I've been busy with some Pinkfresh Studio tasks that haven't allowed a lot of time to create cards just because! There is lots to share with you in the future! This is my final post as a 'Fetti Friend, but I know I will be using all of the great products that I received for the rest of this season!I have created this card set for their October Stock Your Stash Challenge, which has a Friendship/Thanksgiving theme. I've created with both sentiments in mind for my card today! I didn't have time to film/edit a video for this card set, but if I'm being real with you...it is basically the same concept as last month's Reverse Confetti video - just different colors, and some added products. I like using techniques over & over again, because you tend to get better at them as you do them...plus the result is always different! Happy Sunday, blog friends! I am currently sitting in the airport, waiting for my flight to board for Phoenix. And since I have quite a bit of time, I thought I would blog these super simple Christmas cards that I made this weekend. It also happens that this stamp set is part of this weekend's promo - I know there isn't much time left, but thought I would let you know in case you wanted to grab it at some savings. The code is valid through 11:59pm CST tonight! Happy Friday, blog friends! Are you ready for the weekend?! I certainly am! We are going to Florence + the Machine concert on Saturday evening, which I am SO excited for. And then I leave for Arizona on Sunday afternoon for a very quick trip - I am doing something for Pinkfresh Studio that I will share at a later date. I am a bit nervous about it, but totally excited too! A few weeks ago I was asked if I would like to try some cardstock that is new to me, and do an ""Influencer"" campaign for a company called Cut Cardstock. I don't really know if I am an influencer, but I do like to share what I love. Before saying yes, I looked around their website, and checked things out. I was particularly touched by their video in the About Us section of their website. It is a true testiment of a business that started small and has organically grown in size...but you still know that every single sale truly impacts this family run business and all of its employees. Plus, they are really knowledgeable about cardstock. You may not know this about me, but I am super picky about cardstock, and a bit of a ""snob"" when it comes it. I think this stems from the professional photographer in me - I am really super picky about everything I offer as a wedding photographer. I only offer the highest quality fine art papers for my prints, albums & cards...which I think spills over into the cardmaker in me. I was super excited about everything in their Heavyweight Cardstock selection, not to mention the Stardream Metallic selection, and the Glitter selection. I diecut all the pieces about a week ago when I had a small moment of time, and then had about an hour yesterday in my schedule. I should have done some cleaning...but it was WAY more fun to put these two cards together. I know I'm not the only one with a super busy schedule, so do you do this too? I did a similar set of cards last year for my Crafty Comeback Party post with Lawn Fawn. I knew I wanted to revisit these items, and this time I wanted to keep everything bright white! Last year I inked the papers with Antique Linen distress ink, and while beautiful...I've found that I prefer bright white. Check them out! Happy Wednesday, friends! Today I have this soft & pretty card to share with you using a combination of Pinkfresh Studio stamps & dies, plus our liquid watercolor. I created this card for an education event called Inktoberfest 2018, hosted at The Hedgehog Hollow. Be sure to check out the entire month, as there has been a ton to learn about different inks, markers & more! For my card today, I've created the background with our Lined Floral Background stamp set, some heat embossing & our liquid watercolor. The sentiment was created from the Folk Mandala coordinating dies, and the Pretty Paisley stamp set. Happy Monday, blog friends! This weekend I was able to create a card ""just because"", which is rare for me these days. Now - I don't resent that at all. I LOVE what I do, and I just count it extra when I get a moment to play with whatever I want! Recently I purchased a couple items from the Concord & 9th holiday release, and I've been dying to use them. I don't get a chance to play along with challenges very often either, but I noticed that the current Where Creativity Meets C9 challenge is all about Layers this month...and we know that is RIGHT up my alley. Lol! I didn't create a video for this card...mostly because the battery was dead on my GoPro. Lol - but it was nice to just be able to stamp & diecut without having to worry where everything was placed, etc. So of course, I will do a little write-up for you. I am using the newer Merry & Bright diecut, combined with one of my older but VERY favorite C9 stamp sets called Blooms Fill-In. I adore combining florals & Christmas, and of course, non-traditional color palettes. This one does use red & green in it, but I've also added navy, pinks & peach. Happy Monday, friends! I'm super excited because today is the Pinkfresh Studio October Release blog hop! We've been hard at work behind the scenes, and are over the moon for this release! It is one of our best yet! I will get to all the amazing things I mentioned at the end of my post, but how about we get to my cards first? I am sharing cards using the new Geo Star 1 and Geo Star 2 background dies, and all the new word dies as well! I've painted rainbow gradients using Pinkfresh Studio Liquid Watercolor, which makes it SO easy! Happy World Cardmaking Day, friends! I hope that you get to spend some crafty time today making cards, and using all your stamping & scrapbooking supplies. I get to be part of a very special blog hop today that I am super excited about! Today at Pinkfresh Studio, we’ve chosen to reveal a very special stamp & die set called, Share Cheer, that is available for purchase now! When you purchase this stamp set, 100% of the net profits will benefit UNICEF. We chose this organization because they help children and operate in more countries than any other humanitarian organization. UNICEF works in 190 countries and territories and in the world's toughest places to reach the children and young people in greatest need. You can learn more about what they do HERE. Share Cheer retails for $30 for the stamp & die set, and will only be available for a limited time! Grab this whimsical set today, and help us support a great cause! Happy Friday, blog friends! It has been quiet around here, because I have been prepping for quite a few events, but this is going to be a happening place for the next few days! Up first, today I am so excited to be participating in The Stamp Market's Holiday Release Blog Hop! I will add the full link list at the bottom of my post, but how about we get to my projects first. I've created two different projects today, but let's first start with these adorable treat boxes using the Scalloped Gift Box die and No Peeking stamps & die set. </s>" <s> Happy Friday, blog friends! Sorry it has been a little quiet on my blog this week - I've been busy with some Pinkfresh Studio tasks that haven't allowed a lot of time to create cards just because! There is lots to share with you in the future! This is my final post as a 'Fetti Friend, but I know I will be using all of the great products that I received for the rest of this season!I have created this card set for their October Stock Your Stash Challenge, which has a Friendship/Thanksgiving theme. I've created with both sentiments in mind for my card today! I didn't have time to film/edit a video for this card set, but if I'm being real with you...it is basically the same concept as last month's Reverse Confetti video - just different colors, and some added products. I like using techniques over & over again, because you tend to get better at them as you do them...plus the result is always different! Happy Sunday, blog friends! I am currently sitting in the airport, waiting for my flight to board for Phoenix. And since I have quite a bit of time, I thought I would blog these super simple Christmas cards that I made this weekend. It also happens that this stamp set is part of this weekend's promo - I know there isn't much time left, but thought I would let you know in case you wanted to grab it at some savings. The code is valid through 11:59pm CST tonight! Happy Friday, blog friends! Are you ready for the weekend?! I certainly am! We are going to Florence + the Machine concert on Saturday evening, which I am SO excited for. And then I leave for Arizona on Sunday afternoon for a very quick trip - I am doing something for Pinkfresh Studio that I will share at a later date. I am a bit nervous about it, but totally excited too! A few weeks ago I was asked if I would like to try some cardstock that is new to me, and do an """Influencer""" campaign for a company called Cut Cardstock. I don't really know if I am an influencer, but I do like to share what I love. Before saying yes, I looked around their website, and checked things out. I was particularly touched by their video in the About Us section of their website. It is a true testiment of a business that started small and has organically grown in size...but you still know that every single sale truly impacts this family run business and all of its employees. Plus, they are really knowledgeable about cardstock. You may not know this about me, but I am super picky about cardstock, and a bit of a """snob""" when it comes it. I think this stems from the professional photographer in me - I am really super picky about everything I offer as a wedding photographer. I only offer the highest quality fine art papers for my prints, albums & cards...which I think spills over into the cardmaker in me. I was super excited about everything in their Heavyweight Cardstock selection, not to mention the Stardream Metallic selection, and the Glitter selection. I diecut all the pieces about a week ago when I had a small moment of time, and then had about an hour yesterday in my schedule. I should have done some cleaning...but it was WAY more fun to put these two cards together. I know I'm not the only one with a super busy schedule, so do you do this too? I did a similar set of cards last year for my Crafty Comeback Party post with Lawn Fawn. I knew I wanted to revisit these items, and this time I wanted to keep everything bright white! Last year I inked the papers with Antique Linen distress ink, and while beautiful...I've found that I prefer bright white. Check them out! Happy Wednesday, friends! Today I have this soft & pretty card to share with you using a combination of Pinkfresh Studio stamps & dies, plus our liquid watercolor. I created this card for an education event called Inktoberfest 2018, hosted at The Hedgehog Hollow. Be sure to check out the entire month, as there has been a ton to learn about different inks, markers & more! For my card today, I've created the background with our Lined Floral Background stamp set, some heat embossing & our liquid watercolor. The sentiment was created from the Folk Mandala coordinating dies, and the Pretty Paisley stamp set. Happy Monday, blog friends! This weekend I was able to create a card """just" "because""," which is rare for me these days. Now - I don't resent that at all. I LOVE what I do, and I just count it extra when I get a moment to play with whatever I want! Recently I purchased a couple items from the Concord & 9th holiday release, and I've been dying to use them. I don't get a chance to play along with challenges very often either, but I noticed that the current Where Creativity Meets C9 challenge is all about Layers this month...and we know that is RIGHT up my alley. Lol! I didn't create a video for this card...mostly because the battery was dead on my GoPro. Lol - but it was nice to just be able to stamp & diecut without having to worry where everything was placed, etc. So of course, I will do a little write-up for you. I am using the newer Merry & Bright diecut, combined with one of my older but VERY favorite C9 stamp sets called Blooms Fill-In. I adore combining florals & Christmas, and of course, non-traditional color palettes. This one does use red & green in it, but I've also added navy, pinks & peach. Happy Monday, friends! I'm super excited because today is the Pinkfresh Studio October Release blog hop! We've been hard at work behind the scenes, and are over the moon for this release! It is one of our best yet! I will get to all the amazing things I mentioned at the end of my post, but how about we get to my cards first? I am sharing cards using the new Geo Star 1 and Geo Star 2 background dies, and all the new word dies as well! I've painted rainbow gradients using Pinkfresh Studio Liquid Watercolor, which makes it SO easy! Happy World Cardmaking Day, friends! I hope that you get to spend some crafty time today making cards, and using all your stamping & scrapbooking supplies. I get to be part of a very special blog hop today that I am super excited about! Today at Pinkfresh Studio, we’ve chosen to reveal a very special stamp & die set called, Share Cheer, that is available for purchase now! When you purchase this stamp set, 100% of the net profits will benefit UNICEF. We chose this organization because they help children and operate in more countries than any other humanitarian organization. UNICEF works in 190 countries and territories and in the world's toughest places to reach the children and young people in greatest need. You can learn more about what they do HERE. Share Cheer retails for $30 for the stamp & die set, and will only be available for a limited time! Grab this whimsical set today, and help us support a great cause! Happy Friday, blog friends! It has been quiet around here, because I have been prepping for quite a few events, but this is going to be a happening place for the next few days! Up first, today I am so excited to be participating in The Stamp Market's Holiday Release Blog Hop! I will add the full link list at the bottom of my post, but how about we get to my projects first. I've created two different projects today, but let's first start with these adorable treat boxes using the Scalloped Gift Box die and No Peeking stamps & die set. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Welcome to Bayside Gynecology's Patient Portal, your medical home at Bayside! With our Patient Portal, you can connect with Dr. Wolpmann or his staff through a convenient, safe, and secure environment. For our new patients, you're able to complete our New Patient Form Packet online and don't have to worry about bringing those with you to your first office visit. Our Patient Portal costs nothing to you and is the very best way to stay in touch with our office as well as request prescription refills. I need to sign up for a Patient Portal Account. </s>" <s> Welcome to Bayside Gynecology's Patient Portal, your medical home at Bayside! With our Patient Portal, you can connect with Dr. Wolpmann or his staff through a convenient, safe, and secure environment. For our new patients, you're able to complete our New Patient Form Packet online and don't have to worry about bringing those with you to your first office visit. Our Patient Portal costs nothing to you and is the very best way to stay in touch with our office as well as request prescription refills. I need to sign up for a Patient Portal Account. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Japan has always had a knack for taking Western ideas and turning them on their head, churning out some weird and wonderful gems in the process. So it’s not surprising that the fast food world in Japan is an absolute goldmine of unusual creations and bizarre taste sensations. From towering burgers to chocolate sauces, we take a look at some of the most mind-boggling limited edition releases we’ve seen in Japan over recent years. 3. Natsumi Lettuce Burger from MOS Burger (300-370 yen [$2.94-$3.62]). We hope you made it through the fast food odyssey with your arteries intact! A lot of that food is not very healthy for you. </s>" <s> Japan has always had a knack for taking Western ideas and turning them on their head, churning out some weird and wonderful gems in the process. So it’s not surprising that the fast food world in Japan is an absolute goldmine of unusual creations and bizarre taste sensations. From towering burgers to chocolate sauces, we take a look at some of the most mind-boggling limited edition releases we’ve seen in Japan over recent years. 3. Natsumi Lettuce Burger from MOS Burger (300-370 yen [$2.94-$3.62]). We hope you made it through the fast food odyssey with your arteries intact! A lot of that food is not very healthy for you. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> ... medical bills, and bank loans. If you have child support debt, or if you owe money to the government for taxes or a student loan, different rules apply. This is the active offer. it doesn't require as big of a deposit in the savings account ($10,000 vs. $15,000 in the account for their expired higher bonus). Can you get your money back if there's a mistake on your bank account? You know the importance of saving but struggle to do it anyway. Sound familiar? Insufficient funds: Decline the transaction or pay an overdraft fee? </s>" <s> ... medical bills, and bank loans. If you have child support debt, or if you owe money to the government for taxes or a student loan, different rules apply. This is the active offer. it doesn't require as big of a deposit in the savings account ($10,000 vs. $15,000 in the account for their expired higher bonus). Can you get your money back if there's a mistake on your bank account? You know the importance of saving but struggle to do it anyway. Sound familiar? Insufficient funds: Decline the transaction or pay an overdraft fee? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Ashton Kutcher is getting paid more than enough for two and a half men. The CBS sitcom star earned an estimated $24 million dollars over the past fiscal year, topping Forbes’ annual list of TV’s Highest-Paid Actors. The rankings also factor in earnings in addition to the actor’s primary TV vehicle. His co-star, Jon Cryer, is runner-up with $21 million in earnings. Angus T. Jones, also in the comedy’s opening and closing credits, is seventh on the Forbes list with $11 million in earnings. Not bad for the Chuck Lorre cast — it pays be to be syndicated. Mark Harmon and Neil Patrick Harris tied for fourth, each becoming $15 million richer in 2012-2013. </s>" <s> Ashton Kutcher is getting paid more than enough for two and a half men. The CBS sitcom star earned an estimated $24 million dollars over the past fiscal year, topping Forbes’ annual list of TV’s Highest-Paid Actors. The rankings also factor in earnings in addition to the actor’s primary TV vehicle. His co-star, Jon Cryer, is runner-up with $21 million in earnings. Angus T. Jones, also in the comedy’s opening and closing credits, is seventh on the Forbes list with $11 million in earnings. Not bad for the Chuck Lorre cast — it pays be to be syndicated. Mark Harmon and Neil Patrick Harris tied for fourth, each becoming $15 million richer in 2012-2013. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> RECongress Registration Guidebook is here! This RECongress Emailing was delayed to announce the completion of the Registration Guidebook for Congress 2012. Though the Guidebook won't be mailed until later this month, you can see it NOW online at www.RECongress.org/2012/guidebook.htm. You can find posted information online about the Congress schedule, spotlights, speakers, and more. Also be sure to check the web site for updated hotel properties -- and be sure to ask for the special RECongress attendee rates. So start your planning now to attend Congress 2012! The Registration Guidebook contains all workshop and speaker descriptions, entertainment and liturgy options, and all events during Congress. There are two Registration Forms per book. If you attended RECongress 2011, you will automatically be mailed a Registration Guidebook. Guidebooks will be available late-October. ""Live, Laugh and Be Happy"" To be truly human means to be fully alive, to seize life and the possibility of each moment, reaching out and connecting with those who need our presence. We are touched with graced moments. Research shows that happy people are more altruistic, more productive, more helpful, more likable, more creative, more resilient, more interested in others, friendlier and healthier. These holy moments offer us the opportunity to live, laugh and be happy. Como personas de fe somos enviadas a participar en la misión evangelizadora de la Iglesia. A proclamar la Buena Nueva; actúa con justicia, ama tiernamente y dar testimonio de nuestra relación con Jesucristo. Esta sesión examinará las esperanzas y desafíos envueltos en vivir esta visión y misión en nuestro mundo de hoy. You can find our updated online listing of Congress speakers — 193 scheduled for this year — presenting 308 workshops over the four-day weekend. Find the complete listing online. Phones and MP3 players rock! Texts, voice mail, music, apps: You can “trip out” your device ... but unless it’s charged and sync-ed ... it doesn’t do a lotta good. Be ready to be “called out” to charge yourself up and then to share and blare your playlist to the world! A reminder about the change to the format of Youth Day 2012: This year there are two Tracks at Youth Day, and everyone will get to experience the same Arena events -- a Rally, a Liturgy ... and this Arena workshop session by Mike Patin. Depending on whether you are in Track 1 or Track 2 will determine if you see the Arena events in the morning or in the afternoon. The Registration Guidebook contains a complete overview of the Congress weekend including Youth Day. Included is a welcome message from Los Angeles Archbishop José Gomez and Sister Edith Prendergast, Archdiocesan Director for the Office of Religious Education, in addition to speaker listings, workshop and event descriptions, hotel listings, transportation opportunities and an Anaheim area map. If you didn't attend Congress 2011 and would like to receive the Guidebook, you can sign up online to be mailed a copy. Also, to save paper, the Guidebook — like most of our Congress materials — is also be available for download. We have our complete list of Congress speakers -- 185 of them -- now online. You can find their session workshop numbers, workshop titles and if the session will be recorded. And soon we will have an update to our online Speakers Topics page. Check online for our most current listing of hotels for Congress attendees. RECongress has contracted with local hotels to offer special rates for attendees. We suggest making hotel reservations as soon as possible. When making reservations, be sure to ask for the Religious Education Congress rate. You can find information about contracted hotels on our web site. NOTE: The new term just began September 1. Everyone needs to renew each year. You can find all the latest Congress information and updates online. We are always adding new speaker and hotel information. Check our site for updates and announcements. Our Emailings for Congress 2012 run from September 2011 through April 2012. Be sure to Sign-up for our Congress Emailing List for Congress reminders and news. If you missed any you can find them all online at www.RECongress.org/Emailing. You may opt out from this Emailing at any time from the link below. </s>" <s> RECongress Registration Guidebook is here! This RECongress Emailing was delayed to announce the completion of the Registration Guidebook for Congress 2012. Though the Guidebook won't be mailed until later this month, you can see it NOW online at www.RECongress.org/2012/guidebook.htm. You can find posted information online about the Congress schedule, spotlights, speakers, and more. Also be sure to check the web site for updated hotel properties -- and be sure to ask for the special RECongress attendee rates. So start your planning now to attend Congress 2012! The Registration Guidebook contains all workshop and speaker descriptions, entertainment and liturgy options, and all events during Congress. There are two Registration Forms per book. If you attended RECongress 2011, you will automatically be mailed a Registration Guidebook. Guidebooks will be available late-October. """Live," Laugh and Be "Happy""" To be truly human means to be fully alive, to seize life and the possibility of each moment, reaching out and connecting with those who need our presence. We are touched with graced moments. Research shows that happy people are more altruistic, more productive, more helpful, more likable, more creative, more resilient, more interested in others, friendlier and healthier. These holy moments offer us the opportunity to live, laugh and be happy. Como personas de fe somos enviadas a participar en la misión evangelizadora de la Iglesia. A proclamar la Buena Nueva; actúa con justicia, ama tiernamente y dar testimonio de nuestra relación con Jesucristo. Esta sesión examinará las esperanzas y desafíos envueltos en vivir esta visión y misión en nuestro mundo de hoy. You can find our updated online listing of Congress speakers — 193 scheduled for this year — presenting 308 workshops over the four-day weekend. Find the complete listing online. Phones and MP3 players rock! Texts, voice mail, music, apps: You can “trip out” your device ... but unless it’s charged and sync-ed ... it doesn’t do a lotta good. Be ready to be “called out” to charge yourself up and then to share and blare your playlist to the world! A reminder about the change to the format of Youth Day 2012: This year there are two Tracks at Youth Day, and everyone will get to experience the same Arena events -- a Rally, a Liturgy ... and this Arena workshop session by Mike Patin. Depending on whether you are in Track 1 or Track 2 will determine if you see the Arena events in the morning or in the afternoon. The Registration Guidebook contains a complete overview of the Congress weekend including Youth Day. Included is a welcome message from Los Angeles Archbishop José Gomez and Sister Edith Prendergast, Archdiocesan Director for the Office of Religious Education, in addition to speaker listings, workshop and event descriptions, hotel listings, transportation opportunities and an Anaheim area map. If you didn't attend Congress 2011 and would like to receive the Guidebook, you can sign up online to be mailed a copy. Also, to save paper, the Guidebook — like most of our Congress materials — is also be available for download. We have our complete list of Congress speakers -- 185 of them -- now online. You can find their session workshop numbers, workshop titles and if the session will be recorded. And soon we will have an update to our online Speakers Topics page. Check online for our most current listing of hotels for Congress attendees. RECongress has contracted with local hotels to offer special rates for attendees. We suggest making hotel reservations as soon as possible. When making reservations, be sure to ask for the Religious Education Congress rate. You can find information about contracted hotels on our web site. NOTE: The new term just began September 1. Everyone needs to renew each year. You can find all the latest Congress information and updates online. We are always adding new speaker and hotel information. Check our site for updates and announcements. Our Emailings for Congress 2012 run from September 2011 through April 2012. Be sure to Sign-up for our Congress Emailing List for Congress reminders and news. If you missed any you can find them all online at www.RECongress.org/Emailing. You may opt out from this Emailing at any time from the link below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The Alaska Fisheries Science Center in Seattle, WA, announces the availability of a full-time position for a Postdoctoral Research Associate through the National Research Council. We seek an innovative, quantitative ecologist with prior experience with time series analyses and working with large data sets (physical and biological) to join our multidisciplinary team. The Postdoctoral Associate will utilize multi-decadal ichthyoplankton data sets collected from the Bering Sea, Gulf of Alaska, and California Current ecosystems to develop cross-LME ichthyoplankton indices and metrics for use in forecasting and ecosystem-based fisheries management. Analyses will include evaluating spatial-temporal scales of coherence among fish assemblages along the west coast of North America, examining potential relationships with environmental drivers, and the assessment of ichthyoplankton assemblages as indicators of ecosystem status. Candidates with robust statistical modeling expertise that may include traditional multivariate analyses (PCA, hierarchical clustering, ordination), GAM, dynamic factor analysis, and/or Random Forest and Gradient Forest Models are preferred. Location: The incumbent will be based at the Alaska Fisheries Science Center in Seattle, WA, working with Dr. Lauren Rogers and Dr. Janet Duffy-Anderson in the Ecosystems and Fisheries-Oceanography Coordinated Investigations (Eco-FOCI) Program (http://www.ecofoci.noaa.gov/). Collaborators include Dr. Richard Brodeur (Northwest Fisheries Science Center) and Dr. Tony Koslow (Scripps Institution of Oceanography). Ph.D. in quantitative marine ecology, biological oceanography, fisheries, ecology, biostatistics or related discipline. Prior experience with advanced statistical analyses. Prior experience in fish early life history and ecology preferred. Good organizational skills, proven ability to manage diverse data sets, and willingness to work and collaborate in an interdisciplinary group. To Apply: Applications must be made through the National Research Council website (opportunity 26.03.40.C0003). The period for applications is open June 1 – August 1, 2017. Funding is available for one year. For more information: Contact Dr. Lauren Rogers (206-526-4243; lauren.rogers@noaa.gov), or Dr. Janet Duffy-Anderson (206-526-6465; Janet.Duffy-Anderson@noaa.gov). Applicants are strongly encouraged to contact one of the advisors prior to application. </s>" <s> The Alaska Fisheries Science Center in Seattle, WA, announces the availability of a full-time position for a Postdoctoral Research Associate through the National Research Council. We seek an innovative, quantitative ecologist with prior experience with time series analyses and working with large data sets (physical and biological) to join our multidisciplinary team. The Postdoctoral Associate will utilize multi-decadal ichthyoplankton data sets collected from the Bering Sea, Gulf of Alaska, and California Current ecosystems to develop cross-LME ichthyoplankton indices and metrics for use in forecasting and ecosystem-based fisheries management. Analyses will include evaluating spatial-temporal scales of coherence among fish assemblages along the west coast of North America, examining potential relationships with environmental drivers, and the assessment of ichthyoplankton assemblages as indicators of ecosystem status. Candidates with robust statistical modeling expertise that may include traditional multivariate analyses (PCA, hierarchical clustering, ordination), GAM, dynamic factor analysis, and/or Random Forest and Gradient Forest Models are preferred. Location: The incumbent will be based at the Alaska Fisheries Science Center in Seattle, WA, working with Dr. Lauren Rogers and Dr. Janet Duffy-Anderson in the Ecosystems and Fisheries-Oceanography Coordinated Investigations (Eco-FOCI) Program (http://www.ecofoci.noaa.gov/). Collaborators include Dr. Richard Brodeur (Northwest Fisheries Science Center) and Dr. Tony Koslow (Scripps Institution of Oceanography). Ph.D. in quantitative marine ecology, biological oceanography, fisheries, ecology, biostatistics or related discipline. Prior experience with advanced statistical analyses. Prior experience in fish early life history and ecology preferred. Good organizational skills, proven ability to manage diverse data sets, and willingness to work and collaborate in an interdisciplinary group. To Apply: Applications must be made through the National Research Council website (opportunity 26.03.40.C0003). The period for applications is open June 1 – August 1, 2017. Funding is available for one year. For more information: Contact Dr. Lauren Rogers (206-526-4243; lauren.rogers@noaa.gov), or Dr. Janet Duffy-Anderson (206-526-6465; Janet.Duffy-Anderson@noaa.gov). Applicants are strongly encouraged to contact one of the advisors prior to application. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Please Note: Administrators and project team members preparing to implement NetSuite Financials First solution should take the ERP: Fundamentals course. Set up and use Multiple Budgets so that I can plan my future income and expenditure? Set up and use Expense Allocation so expenditures are automatically spread throughout my organisation? </s>" <s> Please Note: Administrators and project team members preparing to implement NetSuite Financials First solution should take the ERP: Fundamentals course. Set up and use Multiple Budgets so that I can plan my future income and expenditure? Set up and use Expense Allocation so expenditures are automatically spread throughout my organisation? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> BAGHDAD (AP) — The official website of Iraq’s most senior Shiite cleric has published a rare photo of the aging leader, the first in several years. The photo shows Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani meeting with the special representative of the U.N. Secretary General for Iraq Jan Kubis, who visited the elderly cleric at his base in Najaf south of Baghdad. The photo release, in which he appeared to be in good health, appeared aimed at reassuring supporters and sending a message to Iraq’s politicians, with whom he hasn’t met for the past three years. Al-Sistani, who is believed to be 89, stressed in the meeting the need for political blocs in parliament to cooperate with the government to improve living conditions, according to his office. The Iranian-born cleric also stressed the need for respecting Iraq’s sovereignty. </s>" <s> BAGHDAD (AP) — The official website of Iraq’s most senior Shiite cleric has published a rare photo of the aging leader, the first in several years. The photo shows Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani meeting with the special representative of the U.N. Secretary General for Iraq Jan Kubis, who visited the elderly cleric at his base in Najaf south of Baghdad. The photo release, in which he appeared to be in good health, appeared aimed at reassuring supporters and sending a message to Iraq’s politicians, with whom he hasn’t met for the past three years. Al-Sistani, who is believed to be 89, stressed in the meeting the need for political blocs in parliament to cooperate with the government to improve living conditions, according to his office. The Iranian-born cleric also stressed the need for respecting Iraq’s sovereignty. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Are Artificial Sweeteners Allowed When Fasting? Does fat interfere with autophagy during fasting? 500-calorie meal on fasting day? I have a sweet tooth and its difficult for me to have plain black coffee or tea. Stevia or xylitol would be risking the results of the fasting? Artificial sweeteners may stimulate insulin release. You can try fasting with the sweeteners – if you get good results, then continue. Specifically, does coconut oil, being 100% fat only and little else, have an effect on autophagy when it keeps ketones high as well? Likely not, although research is lacking. Autophagy mostly turns off with protein. A number of fasting regimes (Every Other Day Diet and 5:2 Diet) recommend having a 500 to 600 calorie meal on ‘fasting’ days. Why is this? To me, this would spike insulin and temporarily break the fast. Wouldn’t it be better to just not eat anything on the fasting day? Is there a specific physiological reason why these authors recommend this, or is it to encourage participants’ compliance? The reason authors recommend it is because they believe a full fasting day (0 calories) is too hard for most people. I disagree. However, they do get good results with this modification and I have no problem with these sorts of regimens. I used artificial sweeteners to get over the craving for sugar (in coffee). After two months or so the ""fake"" aftertastes put me off. It took much less will power to give these up. But this might not work for everyone. Like you got a sore toe so u pound your finger with a hammer. Now your not concerned about your toe. Hmmm. Hi - Can you go on a Keto diet without fasting ? Yes, definitely! You can eat to hunger. </s>" <s> Are Artificial Sweeteners Allowed When Fasting? Does fat interfere with autophagy during fasting? 500-calorie meal on fasting day? I have a sweet tooth and its difficult for me to have plain black coffee or tea. Stevia or xylitol would be risking the results of the fasting? Artificial sweeteners may stimulate insulin release. You can try fasting with the sweeteners – if you get good results, then continue. Specifically, does coconut oil, being 100% fat only and little else, have an effect on autophagy when it keeps ketones high as well? Likely not, although research is lacking. Autophagy mostly turns off with protein. A number of fasting regimes (Every Other Day Diet and 5:2 Diet) recommend having a 500 to 600 calorie meal on ‘fasting’ days. Why is this? To me, this would spike insulin and temporarily break the fast. Wouldn’t it be better to just not eat anything on the fasting day? Is there a specific physiological reason why these authors recommend this, or is it to encourage participants’ compliance? The reason authors recommend it is because they believe a full fasting day (0 calories) is too hard for most people. I disagree. However, they do get good results with this modification and I have no problem with these sorts of regimens. I used artificial sweeteners to get over the craving for sugar (in coffee). After two months or so the """fake""" aftertastes put me off. It took much less will power to give these up. But this might not work for everyone. Like you got a sore toe so u pound your finger with a hammer. Now your not concerned about your toe. Hmmm. Hi - Can you go on a Keto diet without fasting ? Yes, definitely! You can eat to hunger. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Housewarming Party Invites Free Template housewarming party invites free template 40 free printable housewarming party invitation templates printable. housewarming party invites free template 40 free printable housewarming party invitation templates printable. housewarming party invites free template housewarming invitation template free psd vector eps ai house download. housewarming party invites free template free housewarming party invitations printable invitations templates. housewarming party invites free template housewarming invitation template free download template printable. </s>" <s> Housewarming Party Invites Free Template housewarming party invites free template 40 free printable housewarming party invitation templates printable. housewarming party invites free template 40 free printable housewarming party invitation templates printable. housewarming party invites free template housewarming invitation template free psd vector eps ai house download. housewarming party invites free template free housewarming party invitations printable invitations templates. housewarming party invites free template housewarming invitation template free download template printable. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> At its recent series of National Committee meetings, Scouts Australia approved the new youth program for implementation from early next year! Meanwhile, further refinement of the program continues as Ground Breakers and Pioneer Scout Groups trial and provide feedback. Earlier this month, the National Operations Committee approved the new youth program. Aspects of the program have been reviewed and approved at various stages in the past few years, however this decision captures the program as a whole. This marks a turning point in the journey of Scouts Australia and the youth program. We now have a new program that Groups can implement from 2019. At the same time, we’re ensuring that we have a process for continuous improvement so refinements can be incorporated along the way. Pioneer Groups around the country will continue to adopt the program and provide feedback, as we work towards the launch and wider-scale implementation throughout the next few years. It has been an enormous project with many steps ahead, but always aiming to ensure that Scouting remains adventurous, fun, challenging and inclusive for all members now and into the future. Participants at AJ2019 will welcome in the new youth program, with a massive launch party planned and plenty of opportunity to look, feel, hear and experience the new youth program in action. During the Jamboree, a large pop-up space at the Jamboree epicentre, the Allawah Mall, will invite young people and their adult leaders to interactively and creatively learn more about the Program. There will be opportunities to engage with subject matter experts, and Scouts can find out how their journey through Scouting will be enhanced. After AJ2019, implementation in Scout Groups will be managed by each Branch of Scouts Australia. This strategy caters to the specific structures, requirements, needs and expectations of their members. As expected, the introduction of the new youth program to the thousands of Scout Groups around Australia will take some time, with current plans starting in April 2019 and continuing to December 2022. Branch support teams will be working closely with Scout Groups during this transition to ensure success, with the interests of young people always at the centre. To best prepare for the new youth program, Scout Groups around Australia are focusing their efforts on The Adventure Begins Section challenge. The Adventure Begins prepares Scout Groups by refocusing and rejuvenating the way we deliver Scouting by gaining a better appreciation of the Fundamentals of Scouting. The Adventure Begins challenges Sections to embed key elements of the new program now, in preparation for the implementation of the new youth program. Scarf rings can be achieved by each Section as they become confident with each element, representing their preparation for starting on the journey of the new youth program. The approval of the new youth program for Scouts Australia follows five years of extensive volunteer work to develop a youth program that is exciting, engaging and relevant to 21st century young people. Thousands of people have contributed to how Scouting should look, feel and sound in the future through feedback, professional research by the University of Western Australia, BDRC Jones Donald and McCrindle, consultation with members and the wider community, workshops, and major event pop-up spaces. For more information on the journey of the Youth Program Review, head to the YPR Website. </s>" <s> At its recent series of National Committee meetings, Scouts Australia approved the new youth program for implementation from early next year! Meanwhile, further refinement of the program continues as Ground Breakers and Pioneer Scout Groups trial and provide feedback. Earlier this month, the National Operations Committee approved the new youth program. Aspects of the program have been reviewed and approved at various stages in the past few years, however this decision captures the program as a whole. This marks a turning point in the journey of Scouts Australia and the youth program. We now have a new program that Groups can implement from 2019. At the same time, we’re ensuring that we have a process for continuous improvement so refinements can be incorporated along the way. Pioneer Groups around the country will continue to adopt the program and provide feedback, as we work towards the launch and wider-scale implementation throughout the next few years. It has been an enormous project with many steps ahead, but always aiming to ensure that Scouting remains adventurous, fun, challenging and inclusive for all members now and into the future. Participants at AJ2019 will welcome in the new youth program, with a massive launch party planned and plenty of opportunity to look, feel, hear and experience the new youth program in action. During the Jamboree, a large pop-up space at the Jamboree epicentre, the Allawah Mall, will invite young people and their adult leaders to interactively and creatively learn more about the Program. There will be opportunities to engage with subject matter experts, and Scouts can find out how their journey through Scouting will be enhanced. After AJ2019, implementation in Scout Groups will be managed by each Branch of Scouts Australia. This strategy caters to the specific structures, requirements, needs and expectations of their members. As expected, the introduction of the new youth program to the thousands of Scout Groups around Australia will take some time, with current plans starting in April 2019 and continuing to December 2022. Branch support teams will be working closely with Scout Groups during this transition to ensure success, with the interests of young people always at the centre. To best prepare for the new youth program, Scout Groups around Australia are focusing their efforts on The Adventure Begins Section challenge. The Adventure Begins prepares Scout Groups by refocusing and rejuvenating the way we deliver Scouting by gaining a better appreciation of the Fundamentals of Scouting. The Adventure Begins challenges Sections to embed key elements of the new program now, in preparation for the implementation of the new youth program. Scarf rings can be achieved by each Section as they become confident with each element, representing their preparation for starting on the journey of the new youth program. The approval of the new youth program for Scouts Australia follows five years of extensive volunteer work to develop a youth program that is exciting, engaging and relevant to 21st century young people. Thousands of people have contributed to how Scouting should look, feel and sound in the future through feedback, professional research by the University of Western Australia, BDRC Jones Donald and McCrindle, consultation with members and the wider community, workshops, and major event pop-up spaces. For more information on the journey of the Youth Program Review, head to the YPR Website. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> We are now on our 2nd year @ Gatehouse. No regrets about this place. Conveniently located to eveything, the mall, movies, grocery store and the freeways. It's a quiet place to live in. Thank you so much Mervin for the awesome review! We love that you are happy here! The amenities they offer here are very nice. The gym is full of good equipment and open very convenient hours. There is a park and two pools. The maintenance crew is awesome and very friendly. Hi Maria, I am glad Gatehouse at Pinelake makes you feel like your at home! Thats what we strive to do! #success ! Since moving into the Gatehouse, I have had a great and wonderful experience. Management is attentive to the needs of the residence and very cordial and professional. The grounds are well-maintained and clean. The community is safe and friendly. The lakes and pool areas are always clean and inviting. I am well pleased that I chose the Gatehouse as my home. Hi Robert! Thank you so much for such an awesome review! We will keep it up so you can continue to enjoy! So far, we just moved a week ago, and things have been great. Quiet neighborhood, clean, well kept. Leasing staff has been great. Still figuring it all out. Took a walk the other day to check out the facilities and super clean fitness room and pools. Everybody for the most part is friendly, residents and workers. Management is on top of everything as I can see when it comes too getting things done in the apartment. Hi Antony, Thank you for such an awesome review! We will continue to get things done for you! We are here for you!! Hi Moise, I am excited you are enjoying your lake view! Those views are amazing! Thank you for the awesome review! Very quiet place and with no incident or people with drama. You can have your exercises and walk can be done any time of the day or night. Friendly personnel and very prompt in doing their job. I just renewed my lease and that alone should tell you about this place! Every time I have an issue in my apt, maintenance is on top of it. I can take my son to the kid area with no problem and I can BBQ after taking a swim in the pool if I wanted to. Definitely recommend this community! Hi Noemi! Thank you for the awesome review! I am happy you are enjoying the amenities... the best is yet to come! You are going to LOVE the new pool furniture! Great location. Great people. Clean environment. Fast maintenance. Quick and easy access to amenities. Easy process to move in. Quiet place. So far it’s been okay. Just the valet trash situation is annoying because unable to know the schedule, therefore emails received to get a potential fine. Aside from that so far okay. Had been less than a month. I would not recommend this place. Faulty AC units making you pay more for light bill. Gate has never worked causing high crime and police presence. Management team is poor and rude and nasty and never helpful. I have enjoyed my time at Gatehouse, I appreciate how user friendly everything is on their residential portal from paying my bill to requesting maintenance. #GatehousePineLake rock except when we talk about the open gates and their same excuse for the last 8 months that “we are working with it, but you have no idea how expensive is it” seriously? Living in the community has been great. Staff is helpful and friendly . Never had any issues. Very quick turn around for maintenance work .. Hi Rhoan, We are pleased that you are happy living with us! Thank you for the five star review! Been an amazing time moving in, was super quick and everything with maintain was resolved quickly. Also the lake view is absolutely gorgeous. Love living here. The lake is beautiful. The people are sweet and the location is prefect. So many restaurants and shopping centers around and close by. Hi Emily, I am happy you are enjoying your time living here! We appreciate your five star review! Thank you so much ! So far it has been great! The only downside is the neighbor leaving food out to feed the ducks so the front of my door is completely full of duck droppings. A little bit pricey, wish there was a bigger kitchen model available :( Otherwise, it seems to be ok :) Not sure why my apartment doesn't have a balcony and storage room is tight. Our apartment is great! I love the amenities we have. The pool is very nice. And we play racket ball and tennis all the time. And our view is wonderful. We love it here! I love our apartment. It is beautiful and has a beautiful view. It's a great location as well. Close to grocery stores and shopping centers. This is a great place to live. It's clean, nice, quite and good community with planned community events. It's proximity to the stores and malls makes it an ideal location. 5 months already leaving here and so far everything is great! I love the new color in the buildings and how maintenance staff keep everything nice and clean around the property. Great place to live. very quiet, always well groomed and I love going to the pool. while all of those things are great, I really wish the gate actually worked. The apartment is superb with a great view and friendly neighbors. Our washer recently broke and maintenance was here to help almost immediately. Top class! </s>" <s> We are now on our 2nd year @ Gatehouse. No regrets about this place. Conveniently located to eveything, the mall, movies, grocery store and the freeways. It's a quiet place to live in. Thank you so much Mervin for the awesome review! We love that you are happy here! The amenities they offer here are very nice. The gym is full of good equipment and open very convenient hours. There is a park and two pools. The maintenance crew is awesome and very friendly. Hi Maria, I am glad Gatehouse at Pinelake makes you feel like your at home! Thats what we strive to do! #success ! Since moving into the Gatehouse, I have had a great and wonderful experience. Management is attentive to the needs of the residence and very cordial and professional. The grounds are well-maintained and clean. The community is safe and friendly. The lakes and pool areas are always clean and inviting. I am well pleased that I chose the Gatehouse as my home. Hi Robert! Thank you so much for such an awesome review! We will keep it up so you can continue to enjoy! So far, we just moved a week ago, and things have been great. Quiet neighborhood, clean, well kept. Leasing staff has been great. Still figuring it all out. Took a walk the other day to check out the facilities and super clean fitness room and pools. Everybody for the most part is friendly, residents and workers. Management is on top of everything as I can see when it comes too getting things done in the apartment. Hi Antony, Thank you for such an awesome review! We will continue to get things done for you! We are here for you!! Hi Moise, I am excited you are enjoying your lake view! Those views are amazing! Thank you for the awesome review! Very quiet place and with no incident or people with drama. You can have your exercises and walk can be done any time of the day or night. Friendly personnel and very prompt in doing their job. I just renewed my lease and that alone should tell you about this place! Every time I have an issue in my apt, maintenance is on top of it. I can take my son to the kid area with no problem and I can BBQ after taking a swim in the pool if I wanted to. Definitely recommend this community! Hi Noemi! Thank you for the awesome review! I am happy you are enjoying the amenities... the best is yet to come! You are going to LOVE the new pool furniture! Great location. Great people. Clean environment. Fast maintenance. Quick and easy access to amenities. Easy process to move in. Quiet place. So far it’s been okay. Just the valet trash situation is annoying because unable to know the schedule, therefore emails received to get a potential fine. Aside from that so far okay. Had been less than a month. I would not recommend this place. Faulty AC units making you pay more for light bill. Gate has never worked causing high crime and police presence. Management team is poor and rude and nasty and never helpful. I have enjoyed my time at Gatehouse, I appreciate how user friendly everything is on their residential portal from paying my bill to requesting maintenance. #GatehousePineLake rock except when we talk about the open gates and their same excuse for the last 8 months that “we are working with it, but you have no idea how expensive is it” seriously? Living in the community has been great. Staff is helpful and friendly . Never had any issues. Very quick turn around for maintenance work .. Hi Rhoan, We are pleased that you are happy living with us! Thank you for the five star review! Been an amazing time moving in, was super quick and everything with maintain was resolved quickly. Also the lake view is absolutely gorgeous. Love living here. The lake is beautiful. The people are sweet and the location is prefect. So many restaurants and shopping centers around and close by. Hi Emily, I am happy you are enjoying your time living here! We appreciate your five star review! Thank you so much ! So far it has been great! The only downside is the neighbor leaving food out to feed the ducks so the front of my door is completely full of duck droppings. A little bit pricey, wish there was a bigger kitchen model available :( Otherwise, it seems to be ok :) Not sure why my apartment doesn't have a balcony and storage room is tight. Our apartment is great! I love the amenities we have. The pool is very nice. And we play racket ball and tennis all the time. And our view is wonderful. We love it here! I love our apartment. It is beautiful and has a beautiful view. It's a great location as well. Close to grocery stores and shopping centers. This is a great place to live. It's clean, nice, quite and good community with planned community events. It's proximity to the stores and malls makes it an ideal location. 5 months already leaving here and so far everything is great! I love the new color in the buildings and how maintenance staff keep everything nice and clean around the property. Great place to live. very quiet, always well groomed and I love going to the pool. while all of those things are great, I really wish the gate actually worked. The apartment is superb with a great view and friendly neighbors. Our washer recently broke and maintenance was here to help almost immediately. Top class! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> I thought I’d take a look back at my Christmastide posts over the past two years, if I begin with 2016 as that is when my header photograph was taken. Christmas in Portugal takes place on 24th, today is not such a big day as it is in England. There is also no Boxing Day, however they do make much more of epiphany than we do. Just take a look at these two posts, this was such an amazing event. Still bemused by the story though, can you help? The middle one is a saddle not a hump!! Our very first Christmas in Portugal was the previous year, and we enjoyed a lovely walk on Christmas Day. It was quite busy out but fortunately there were still lots of birdies. A few days earlier we had been delighted by something quite different, our first Presépio Gigante. 2015 was also the year I discovered that poinsettias can grow very large and that they happily grow outside in a southern European climate. I suspect yours is not quite as big as this! Wishing all my wonderful readers Feliz Natal! Love your header photo. Hope you’ve enjoyed 2017 Christmas as much as you’ve enjoyed the others. Thank you so much – and yes we have but wish we had been in Portugal! We used to have a poinsettia growing in our garden in Cape Town, I have disliked the pot grown ones ever since!! Christmas in Portugal does look attractive. Maybe one day I’ll join you and Jo there. </s>" <s> I thought I’d take a look back at my Christmastide posts over the past two years, if I begin with 2016 as that is when my header photograph was taken. Christmas in Portugal takes place on 24th, today is not such a big day as it is in England. There is also no Boxing Day, however they do make much more of epiphany than we do. Just take a look at these two posts, this was such an amazing event. Still bemused by the story though, can you help? The middle one is a saddle not a hump!! Our very first Christmas in Portugal was the previous year, and we enjoyed a lovely walk on Christmas Day. It was quite busy out but fortunately there were still lots of birdies. A few days earlier we had been delighted by something quite different, our first Presépio Gigante. 2015 was also the year I discovered that poinsettias can grow very large and that they happily grow outside in a southern European climate. I suspect yours is not quite as big as this! Wishing all my wonderful readers Feliz Natal! Love your header photo. Hope you’ve enjoyed 2017 Christmas as much as you’ve enjoyed the others. Thank you so much – and yes we have but wish we had been in Portugal! We used to have a poinsettia growing in our garden in Cape Town, I have disliked the pot grown ones ever since!! Christmas in Portugal does look attractive. Maybe one day I’ll join you and Jo there. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> In a previous post on the GovSat Report, Randy Bland of SES GS laid out why latency is yet another enemy on the battlefield for America’s military. Ultimately, latency can keep applications and IT capabilities from operating effectively and quickly at the tip of the spear, resulting in more hardware – and more maintenance and IT staff – needing to be brought to the front lines. Unfortunately, latency is almost unavoidable with traditional communications satellites, since data needs to travel enormous distances to the satellite and back again. However, there is an alternative that can drastically reduce latency and provide fiber-like connectivity and throughput – even when terrestrial fiber networks are unavailable. This alternative is offered through Middle Earth Orbit – or MEO – satellites, which are much closer to Earth (1/4 the distance, in fact) than traditional geostationary satellites. To get additional information about MEO satellites and the benefits they can deliver to the federal government, we sat down with Pete Hoene, the CEO of SES GS. In the following video, Pete discusses MEO satellite constellations, just how quickly they transfer data and the almost unlimited potential they have for military and intelligence missions. For additional information about MEO satellites and how they can help reduce latency and deliver fiber-like connectivity to the edge, download the whitepaper, “Fiber-Like Satellite Communications for U.S. Government Applications,” by clicking HERE. </s>" <s> In a previous post on the GovSat Report, Randy Bland of SES GS laid out why latency is yet another enemy on the battlefield for America’s military. Ultimately, latency can keep applications and IT capabilities from operating effectively and quickly at the tip of the spear, resulting in more hardware – and more maintenance and IT staff – needing to be brought to the front lines. Unfortunately, latency is almost unavoidable with traditional communications satellites, since data needs to travel enormous distances to the satellite and back again. However, there is an alternative that can drastically reduce latency and provide fiber-like connectivity and throughput – even when terrestrial fiber networks are unavailable. This alternative is offered through Middle Earth Orbit – or MEO – satellites, which are much closer to Earth (1/4 the distance, in fact) than traditional geostationary satellites. To get additional information about MEO satellites and the benefits they can deliver to the federal government, we sat down with Pete Hoene, the CEO of SES GS. In the following video, Pete discusses MEO satellite constellations, just how quickly they transfer data and the almost unlimited potential they have for military and intelligence missions. For additional information about MEO satellites and how they can help reduce latency and deliver fiber-like connectivity to the edge, download the whitepaper, “Fiber-Like Satellite Communications for U.S. Government Applications,” by clicking HERE. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The romantic fragrance of this deep, floral scent from Michael Kors is long-lasting and intense, and you can expect to be complimented whenever you wear it. The sweetness of tuberoses combines with woodsy notes to create a unique fragrance that creates a fresh vibe on a date night. Wear it on a warm summer evening to make a statement. Design house: Michael Kors. Scent name: Michael. Gender: Ladies. Category: Perfume. Type: Fragrance. SubType: EDP Spray. Size: 3.3 oz. Style: MIKES33-Q. Barcode: 022548099155. Michael / Michael Kors EDP Spray 3.3 oz (100 ml) (w). </s>" <s> The romantic fragrance of this deep, floral scent from Michael Kors is long-lasting and intense, and you can expect to be complimented whenever you wear it. The sweetness of tuberoses combines with woodsy notes to create a unique fragrance that creates a fresh vibe on a date night. Wear it on a warm summer evening to make a statement. Design house: Michael Kors. Scent name: Michael. Gender: Ladies. Category: Perfume. Type: Fragrance. SubType: EDP Spray. Size: 3.3 oz. Style: MIKES33-Q. Barcode: 022548099155. Michael / Michael Kors EDP Spray 3.3 oz (100 ml) (w). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Here at Soundproof Window Guys, we're here to fulfill all of your expectations regarding Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. We have got a crew of specialized experts and the most resourceful technology in the market to provide exactly what you are looking for. We are going to use high standard supplies and budget friendly strategies to guarantee that you have the highest quality support for the greatest value. We intend to assist you to come up with choices for the job, resolve your questions, and arrange a meeting with our professionals whenever you call us by dialing 888-669-1134. Spending less is a vital part of any task. Still, spending less should never mean you eliminate quality for Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. We will be certain that our money saving initiatives will never indicate a lower standard of quality work. Our intention is to be sure you receive the best quality supplies and a end result which lasts over time. That is achievable given that we know the way to save you time and costs on products and work. Save your time and cash by simply contacting Soundproof Window Guys now. We're ready to answer your phone call at 888-669-1134. You have to be well informed when it comes to Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. You should not go in without knowing it properly, and you will need to learn what to prepare for. We take the surprises out from the situation by offering accurate and detailed information. Start out by calling 888-669-1134 to go over your work. We will answer all your important questions and set up your first appointment. We always show up at the scheduled hour, ready to work together with you. You'll have plenty of good reasons to rely on Soundproof Window Guys to meet your requirements concerning Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. Our equipment are of the very best quality, our cash saving solutions are helpful and successful, and our customer satisfaction scores won't be beat. We understand your requirements and objectives, and we are there to serve you using our expertise. Call 888-669-1134 to communicate with Soundproof Window Guys and review all your goals concerning Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch. </s>" <s> Here at Soundproof Window Guys, we're here to fulfill all of your expectations regarding Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. We have got a crew of specialized experts and the most resourceful technology in the market to provide exactly what you are looking for. We are going to use high standard supplies and budget friendly strategies to guarantee that you have the highest quality support for the greatest value. We intend to assist you to come up with choices for the job, resolve your questions, and arrange a meeting with our professionals whenever you call us by dialing 888-669-1134. Spending less is a vital part of any task. Still, spending less should never mean you eliminate quality for Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. We will be certain that our money saving initiatives will never indicate a lower standard of quality work. Our intention is to be sure you receive the best quality supplies and a end result which lasts over time. That is achievable given that we know the way to save you time and costs on products and work. Save your time and cash by simply contacting Soundproof Window Guys now. We're ready to answer your phone call at 888-669-1134. You have to be well informed when it comes to Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. You should not go in without knowing it properly, and you will need to learn what to prepare for. We take the surprises out from the situation by offering accurate and detailed information. Start out by calling 888-669-1134 to go over your work. We will answer all your important questions and set up your first appointment. We always show up at the scheduled hour, ready to work together with you. You'll have plenty of good reasons to rely on Soundproof Window Guys to meet your requirements concerning Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch, IN. Our equipment are of the very best quality, our cash saving solutions are helpful and successful, and our customer satisfaction scores won't be beat. We understand your requirements and objectives, and we are there to serve you using our expertise. Call 888-669-1134 to communicate with Soundproof Window Guys and review all your goals concerning Soundproof Windows in Fort Branch. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Robert Whitaker, author of Anatomy of an Epidemic: Magic Bullets, Psychiatric Drugs and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America, will be visiting London on 19th October. Why have the numbers of people disabled by ‘mental illness’ skyrocketed over the past fifty years? Why does this epidemic parallel so closely the growth and dominance of psychiatric drugs as treatment? Acclaimed US medical journalist Robert Whitaker documents a history of science and medicine that raises the controversial question: could the drug-based paradigm of care be fuelling this modern day epidemic? This is a fundraising event organised by and for the Hearing Voices Network, a national charity, which works to raise awareness of voice hearing, visions, tactile sensations and other sensory experiences. </s>" <s> Robert Whitaker, author of Anatomy of an Epidemic: Magic Bullets, Psychiatric Drugs and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America, will be visiting London on 19th October. Why have the numbers of people disabled by ‘mental illness’ skyrocketed over the past fifty years? Why does this epidemic parallel so closely the growth and dominance of psychiatric drugs as treatment? Acclaimed US medical journalist Robert Whitaker documents a history of science and medicine that raises the controversial question: could the drug-based paradigm of care be fuelling this modern day epidemic? This is a fundraising event organised by and for the Hearing Voices Network, a national charity, which works to raise awareness of voice hearing, visions, tactile sensations and other sensory experiences. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Let’s start with a little 101: MyVMC.com defines shoulder pain as: Shoulder Pain – The shoulder is a ball-and-socket joint formed by the head of the humerus (the arm bone) and the glenoid labrum (the name for the socket of the shoulder joint in the scapula). The shoulder joint is very mobile – allowing great freedom of movement for the arm (much more than the equivalent joint in the hip). This greater mobility means that the shoulder joint is less stable. The stability of the shoulder joint also relies a lot on the ‘rotator cuff muscles’ – four muscles (supraspinatus, infraspinatus, subscapularis, teres minor) inserting around the shoulder joint that help move it, as well as providing stability. These muscles are a common source of pain. Shoulder pain is common, and can result from a number of conditions. Importantly, pain felt in the shoulder region does not necessarily mean that the pain is coming from the shoulder. The pain could be caused by neck problems, or referred from internal structures like the lungs, heart, or even the liver or gallbladder. Most shoulder pain stemming from a non traumatic injury is a combination of rotator cuff problems and/or shoulder alignment problems called impingement. *The number one thing to know about shoulder pain is to get treatment EARLY. Waiting for shoulder pain to go away (especially after the age of 30) most often results in things getting worse. Addressing the pain early most often results in avoiding major injury or surgical intervention. As a society we spend a lot of our time bent forward. We slouch over desks, computers, on couches and recliners and have poor posture in general. This prolonged forward bent posture reduces the space in the front of the shoulder joint and tightens everything down. Here is one stretch that our clinicians use frequently to open up the chest and get the shoulders “back” where they belong. This is the “doorway” stretch. Hold this position for 30 seconds 3 times. Rest between each stretch for 10 seconds. Do this 3-4 times a day. The 4 muscles that make up the rotator cuff can be strengthened to further improve your shoulder pain. External rotation exercise is the number one way to strengthen your rotators. It’s best to start with a low resistance band and 10 reps. Do 2-3 sets of the 10 reps, allowing rest time between. Always use a rolled towel to improve alignment and blood flow to important structures in the shoulder while doing this exercise. Do this 2 times a day. And most importantly if your shoulder doesn’t feel better in 3 days, call a physical therapist. They can help target where your pain is coming from and give you specific ways to treat it. </s>" <s> Let’s start with a little 101: MyVMC.com defines shoulder pain as: Shoulder Pain – The shoulder is a ball-and-socket joint formed by the head of the humerus (the arm bone) and the glenoid labrum (the name for the socket of the shoulder joint in the scapula). The shoulder joint is very mobile – allowing great freedom of movement for the arm (much more than the equivalent joint in the hip). This greater mobility means that the shoulder joint is less stable. The stability of the shoulder joint also relies a lot on the ‘rotator cuff muscles’ – four muscles (supraspinatus, infraspinatus, subscapularis, teres minor) inserting around the shoulder joint that help move it, as well as providing stability. These muscles are a common source of pain. Shoulder pain is common, and can result from a number of conditions. Importantly, pain felt in the shoulder region does not necessarily mean that the pain is coming from the shoulder. The pain could be caused by neck problems, or referred from internal structures like the lungs, heart, or even the liver or gallbladder. Most shoulder pain stemming from a non traumatic injury is a combination of rotator cuff problems and/or shoulder alignment problems called impingement. *The number one thing to know about shoulder pain is to get treatment EARLY. Waiting for shoulder pain to go away (especially after the age of 30) most often results in things getting worse. Addressing the pain early most often results in avoiding major injury or surgical intervention. As a society we spend a lot of our time bent forward. We slouch over desks, computers, on couches and recliners and have poor posture in general. This prolonged forward bent posture reduces the space in the front of the shoulder joint and tightens everything down. Here is one stretch that our clinicians use frequently to open up the chest and get the shoulders “back” where they belong. This is the “doorway” stretch. Hold this position for 30 seconds 3 times. Rest between each stretch for 10 seconds. Do this 3-4 times a day. The 4 muscles that make up the rotator cuff can be strengthened to further improve your shoulder pain. External rotation exercise is the number one way to strengthen your rotators. It’s best to start with a low resistance band and 10 reps. Do 2-3 sets of the 10 reps, allowing rest time between. Always use a rolled towel to improve alignment and blood flow to important structures in the shoulder while doing this exercise. Do this 2 times a day. And most importantly if your shoulder doesn’t feel better in 3 days, call a physical therapist. They can help target where your pain is coming from and give you specific ways to treat it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Hello, hello! I’m SO excited to finally be sharing with you my Christmas Home Tour! Hosted by the lovely Kendra from Joy in our Home, 18 other bloggers and I have come together to each bring you a special peak inside our homes during this holiday season, and I gotta say, it’s been SO fun seeing all these lovely ladies’ Christmas decor!! On a personal note, this year I have some special and meaningful touches throughout my decor. Sadly, my sweet grandma passed away this last weekend. It’s been a rough few days, but with such a great and close family, we’re all banding together and getting through it. She will be so incredibly missed; but I know she’s in such a better place. So, I’ve added several things in Christmas decor that my grandma had either made, or given me. Though some of it may not match my Christmas decor “style,” it’s my way of remembering and honoring her this holiday season. This year I went rustic glam for my decor. You’ll see lots of sparkle throughout my house. Now...onto the tour! You’ll see my Rustic Glam Christmas Wreath I made last week on our front door. I love that green glittery ribbon! We didn’t do much decorating this year on the outside of our house. Ok... we didn’t do any decorating on the outside of our house. But, I DID decorate this cute little mini tree from the Target Dollar Spot! I added some lights, a felt garland, and perched it on a little stump next to my front door. Festive, right? After we say our greetings and you come in, you’ll see our entryway table all decked out. I’ve added some greenery and some LED lights, as well as some glittery and shiny silver ornament balls to a vase. My friend Remington got all dressed up for the occasion! He put on his green glitter bow, and his antlers got a fresh coat of metallic silver paint. He’s standing quite proud. Directly above the table you’ll see my Bible Verse Advent Calendar I made, as well as my Rustic Pinecone and Wood Christmas Garlands. This is my favorite Christmas song, and I love it framed on the table. I mod podged glitter all over the white frame for extra sparkle. You can’t forget the pair of turtle doves, too! As you continue into my living room, you’ll see all the rest of our Christmas decor. Our house isn’t very big and our living/dining room and kitchen are all attached in one great room. We spend about 95% of our time right here in this area. I mean, that couch is sooooo comfy and cozy! My Grandpa is a woodworker, and my Grandma just loved to craft and paint, so they made us ornaments every year since we were born. In fact, that little teddy bear one was made for me in 1985! These are so special and hold so many memories. I’m so happy I get to share these with Jade. yes, more sparkle. And feathers! I just LOVE this printable my sister made me! She has an Etsy store called Printables of Love. She has such cute Christmas prints, too! My little wall shelf behind the couch got dressed with a little Christmas vignette; a printable and more handmade trees! I made letters by just cutting them out of cardboard and adding some green tulle fabric. My Grandma gave me this pretty wired angel a few years ago. It was gold, but chipping badly, so it got a coat of metallic spray paint. My Grandpa also made the wooden bowl the silver ornaments are sitting on. I just love his woodwork projects! This is where we’d be chatting and drinking a steaming cup of hot cocoa. With marshmallows. And Peppermint Schanpps. We do it up right around here! We might be getting a little hungry so we’ll take our spiked hot cocoa to the dining room; which is 4 steps away. I found this shiny wrapping paper with silver polka dots that I knew was the perfect addition to my centerpiece. I made these glittery wine bottle candle holders last year, and they look so pretty lit up in the evenings with the Christmas tree lights on! My Grandpa made the little wooden reindeer awhile back, and it’s just too cute. The little teddy bear was my Grandma’s. She had such a thing for teddy bears. She literally had around 100 or more all over her house. Jade got so excited when I put it out! I also have my super simple Honeycomb Christmas Trees on display. Well, sad to say but our hot cocoa is all gone and it’s getting late. I’m SO glad you stopped by for a tour and visit, I had so much fun! You are also invited to visit and tour 18 other blogger’s beautiful homes!! Take a peak at them below; you will be blown away at these ladies’ creativity and talent in decorating! Thank you again SO MUCH for stopping by and taking the time to tour my home. I hope it left you with some inspiration and Christmas cheer! Have a lovely rest of the week! I link up at these fun parties! Amanda, I’m sorry to hear about your Grandmother, and it’s so sweet that you have those special touches in your home! I also really love the glittery wine bottle idea! So pretty! Thank you, Karen! That means so much! I love those glitter bottles too, I almost want to keep them up year round!! 🙂 Hope you have a great day! Amanda, I love it! your centerpiece is amazing! so simple, yet gorgeous. Your home makes me just that much more excited that it’s the Christmas season! Thank you so much, Rebekah! I think that centerpiece is my absolute favorite decoration! I just love the sparkle. 🙂 Hope your week is going great! Amanda – your home is beautiful. I love your rustic touches and sentimental additions of your grandmothers handiwork – what special memories you have. So happy to be sharing this tour week with you. First off, I’m sorry to hear about your grandmother. She obviously touched your life with kindness and love, and I love that you honored her in your tour. Secondly, your home is beautifully decorated. I love all of your DIY projects. Thank you so much for sharing it with us! Your home is lovely, Amanda! Those glittery candles on your table are beautiful! I think it makes it all the more special with memories tucked in here and there of your Grandma! Those ornaments are definitely keepsakes and so special! Hugs my friend! Thanks, friend!! And I agree, it definitely makes it all a little more special with handmade touches from my Grandma! Thank you so much for asking me to be a part of your home tour, I had so much fun participating!! 🙂 Happy Wednesday! Love the rustic look! I need to make some of those cute DIY trees for my home next year! Lovely home! See you on the blog hop tomorrow! It all looks so perfect and cozy!!! LOVE those pretty little cone trees!!! Love it! 🙂 I especially love how you used neutral colors to decorate for Christmas (I’m a big fan of doing that too)! And on a side note: we have the same sectional! Great minds think alike! 😉 So nice to be on the Christmas home tour with you! Thank you, Michelle! Yes, the neutral colors was new for me this year; but I really liked how it all turned out! Ha, yay! I love that sectional; it’s so comfy. My sister-in-law bought the same one after us, too! 🙂 Hope your week is going great! Oh my goodness, I just love your home! Those bottles with the glitter and candles on top are so original and love the idea... plus, the gold dots on the table runner. I also love how you decorated that little dollar spot Target tree on your porch with the tree trunk. I have seen a few people do a photo of them by the front door! LOL! If I would have had makeup on yesterday, maybe I would have done that. 😉 So sorry again about your sweet Grandma passing. Beautiful home Amanda! I’m so sorry to hear about your grandma 🙁 You’ve done a beautiful job of incorporating her things into your decor! Love your style!! Aw, thank you so much Lindi!! I so appreciate your sweet words! 🙂 Hope you’re having a fabulous week; so happy to be a part of the home tour with you! Such a pretty tour, Amanda! Your stockings are lovely. I really love your bottle centerpiece. So excited to be doing the blog hop with you! I’m so sorry to hear about your Grandma. Aw, thank you so much, Angela!! I appreciate your condolences! Hope you’re having a great week! I’m so sorry for your loss. Right now is an extra hard time to lose someone you love so much. Hugs your way. I love the advent calendar! I want that wrapping paper you used as a runner for your table too! And those glitter bottle! Oh man! Wonderful! Thank you so much Shambray, your sweet words mean a lot! I found that wrapping paper at Joann’s! And glitter is just amazing, isn’t it?! 🙂 Hope you’re having a great week! So sorry to hear about your grandma, sweet friend. How lovely that you have some of her things to incorporate into your decor. Your home is gorgeous and I love, love, LOVE those glittery wine bottle candles!! Amanda – first off, I am so sorry for your loss. 🙁 How difficult, especially during the Christmas season. But on a happier note, I love your Christmas decor! Your home is gorgeous and all of your little touches are so perfect! Hey Dear, your home is so pretty and, well so are you (love your pic in your door, so welcoming :). You have so many great DIY’s throughout your home! Beautiful! It has been so crazy around my house that I have yet to even get my tree up. My daughter is bugging me on a daily basis now. We have been redoing her room into her Frozen theme that she wanted, so my house is destroyed with all of the projects we have going on for it and making her a loft bed...yikes way to close to Christmas I guess! I am so sorry to hear about your Grandma. My great gram who was 101 passed away 2 summers ago and I still miss her every day 🙁 I am so grateful that she was around to spend 4 years with my daughter and she will have memories of her. I pray that you and your family have the support and strength you need to deal with such heartache. Oh sweet friend, you are the best!! You just made my day with all your sweet words and prayers! I’m so thankful my grandma got to meet my daughter, and I have a few pictures to remember those moments by! It’s ok, usually we are just getting our tree up by now, too! Having a blog has really given me a kick in the pants to get stuff going sooner! A Frozen theme will be SO fun! Hope you have such a great weekend! I love your rustic glam holiday decor! Rustic glam is perfect any time of year if you ask me! 🙂 I really love that modge-podge glitter frame! Might need to make one of those myself! Thinking of you as you go through this season without your grandmother. My husbands grandfather passed away this week to. Thankful that Christmas will always remind us of him each year! Thank you, Nicole!! I agree, rustic glam is just fab ALL the time! 🙂 Especially with glitter! I’m so sorry to hear about your hub’s grandfather, too! While Christmas won’t be the same this year, you’re right; we’ll always remember them during this season! Hope you’re having a great weekend! Your home looks beautiful, Amanda! I love all the trees you made. They look great clustered together. I also love the glittery wine bottles and gold table runner on your table! Thank you for inviting me to be a part of this tour! I have enjoyed checking out everyone’s homes! They are all so different, but so cozy! So pretty! I’m in love with those glittery wine bottle candleholders! Genius idea. Hope you have a Merry Christmas! Thank you so much, Jamie! The glittery wine bottles are my favorite decoration. 🙂 Hope you have a Merry Christmas as well! I am sorry about your grandmother. You have a beautiful home, thanks for linking up to On Display Thursday! Thank you Carmody! Hope you have a fabulous weekend! What a beautiful home you have! I love that you put up the ornaments you made with your grandpa too! Thanks so much for sharing with us at Talented Tuesdays. I hope you had a Merry Christmas Amanda with your cute little family and I would love to have you join us again this week! Thank you for sharing my creativity! However, unauthorized use and/or duplication of content on this blog without written permission from me is not allowed. You are welcome to use 1 photo, given that you link back to the Dwelling in Happiness blog post you are using it from. If you'd like to use more, you must e-mail me and ask for permission. Any free printables I share are for personal use only. Please feel free to pin anything you see on this blog, using the handy “pin it” button when you hover over a photo. Thank you! </s>" <s> Hello, hello! I’m SO excited to finally be sharing with you my Christmas Home Tour! Hosted by the lovely Kendra from Joy in our Home, 18 other bloggers and I have come together to each bring you a special peak inside our homes during this holiday season, and I gotta say, it’s been SO fun seeing all these lovely ladies’ Christmas decor!! On a personal note, this year I have some special and meaningful touches throughout my decor. Sadly, my sweet grandma passed away this last weekend. It’s been a rough few days, but with such a great and close family, we’re all banding together and getting through it. She will be so incredibly missed; but I know she’s in such a better place. So, I’ve added several things in Christmas decor that my grandma had either made, or given me. Though some of it may not match my Christmas decor “style,” it’s my way of remembering and honoring her this holiday season. This year I went rustic glam for my decor. You’ll see lots of sparkle throughout my house. Now...onto the tour! You’ll see my Rustic Glam Christmas Wreath I made last week on our front door. I love that green glittery ribbon! We didn’t do much decorating this year on the outside of our house. Ok... we didn’t do any decorating on the outside of our house. But, I DID decorate this cute little mini tree from the Target Dollar Spot! I added some lights, a felt garland, and perched it on a little stump next to my front door. Festive, right? After we say our greetings and you come in, you’ll see our entryway table all decked out. I’ve added some greenery and some LED lights, as well as some glittery and shiny silver ornament balls to a vase. My friend Remington got all dressed up for the occasion! He put on his green glitter bow, and his antlers got a fresh coat of metallic silver paint. He’s standing quite proud. Directly above the table you’ll see my Bible Verse Advent Calendar I made, as well as my Rustic Pinecone and Wood Christmas Garlands. This is my favorite Christmas song, and I love it framed on the table. I mod podged glitter all over the white frame for extra sparkle. You can’t forget the pair of turtle doves, too! As you continue into my living room, you’ll see all the rest of our Christmas decor. Our house isn’t very big and our living/dining room and kitchen are all attached in one great room. We spend about 95% of our time right here in this area. I mean, that couch is sooooo comfy and cozy! My Grandpa is a woodworker, and my Grandma just loved to craft and paint, so they made us ornaments every year since we were born. In fact, that little teddy bear one was made for me in 1985! These are so special and hold so many memories. I’m so happy I get to share these with Jade. yes, more sparkle. And feathers! I just LOVE this printable my sister made me! She has an Etsy store called Printables of Love. She has such cute Christmas prints, too! My little wall shelf behind the couch got dressed with a little Christmas vignette; a printable and more handmade trees! I made letters by just cutting them out of cardboard and adding some green tulle fabric. My Grandma gave me this pretty wired angel a few years ago. It was gold, but chipping badly, so it got a coat of metallic spray paint. My Grandpa also made the wooden bowl the silver ornaments are sitting on. I just love his woodwork projects! This is where we’d be chatting and drinking a steaming cup of hot cocoa. With marshmallows. And Peppermint Schanpps. We do it up right around here! We might be getting a little hungry so we’ll take our spiked hot cocoa to the dining room; which is 4 steps away. I found this shiny wrapping paper with silver polka dots that I knew was the perfect addition to my centerpiece. I made these glittery wine bottle candle holders last year, and they look so pretty lit up in the evenings with the Christmas tree lights on! My Grandpa made the little wooden reindeer awhile back, and it’s just too cute. The little teddy bear was my Grandma’s. She had such a thing for teddy bears. She literally had around 100 or more all over her house. Jade got so excited when I put it out! I also have my super simple Honeycomb Christmas Trees on display. Well, sad to say but our hot cocoa is all gone and it’s getting late. I’m SO glad you stopped by for a tour and visit, I had so much fun! You are also invited to visit and tour 18 other blogger’s beautiful homes!! Take a peak at them below; you will be blown away at these ladies’ creativity and talent in decorating! Thank you again SO MUCH for stopping by and taking the time to tour my home. I hope it left you with some inspiration and Christmas cheer! Have a lovely rest of the week! I link up at these fun parties! Amanda, I’m sorry to hear about your Grandmother, and it’s so sweet that you have those special touches in your home! I also really love the glittery wine bottle idea! So pretty! Thank you, Karen! That means so much! I love those glitter bottles too, I almost want to keep them up year round!! 🙂 Hope you have a great day! Amanda, I love it! your centerpiece is amazing! so simple, yet gorgeous. Your home makes me just that much more excited that it’s the Christmas season! Thank you so much, Rebekah! I think that centerpiece is my absolute favorite decoration! I just love the sparkle. 🙂 Hope your week is going great! Amanda – your home is beautiful. I love your rustic touches and sentimental additions of your grandmothers handiwork – what special memories you have. So happy to be sharing this tour week with you. First off, I’m sorry to hear about your grandmother. She obviously touched your life with kindness and love, and I love that you honored her in your tour. Secondly, your home is beautifully decorated. I love all of your DIY projects. Thank you so much for sharing it with us! Your home is lovely, Amanda! Those glittery candles on your table are beautiful! I think it makes it all the more special with memories tucked in here and there of your Grandma! Those ornaments are definitely keepsakes and so special! Hugs my friend! Thanks, friend!! And I agree, it definitely makes it all a little more special with handmade touches from my Grandma! Thank you so much for asking me to be a part of your home tour, I had so much fun participating!! 🙂 Happy Wednesday! Love the rustic look! I need to make some of those cute DIY trees for my home next year! Lovely home! See you on the blog hop tomorrow! It all looks so perfect and cozy!!! LOVE those pretty little cone trees!!! Love it! 🙂 I especially love how you used neutral colors to decorate for Christmas (I’m a big fan of doing that too)! And on a side note: we have the same sectional! Great minds think alike! 😉 So nice to be on the Christmas home tour with you! Thank you, Michelle! Yes, the neutral colors was new for me this year; but I really liked how it all turned out! Ha, yay! I love that sectional; it’s so comfy. My sister-in-law bought the same one after us, too! 🙂 Hope your week is going great! Oh my goodness, I just love your home! Those bottles with the glitter and candles on top are so original and love the idea... plus, the gold dots on the table runner. I also love how you decorated that little dollar spot Target tree on your porch with the tree trunk. I have seen a few people do a photo of them by the front door! LOL! If I would have had makeup on yesterday, maybe I would have done that. 😉 So sorry again about your sweet Grandma passing. Beautiful home Amanda! I’m so sorry to hear about your grandma 🙁 You’ve done a beautiful job of incorporating her things into your decor! Love your style!! Aw, thank you so much Lindi!! I so appreciate your sweet words! 🙂 Hope you’re having a fabulous week; so happy to be a part of the home tour with you! Such a pretty tour, Amanda! Your stockings are lovely. I really love your bottle centerpiece. So excited to be doing the blog hop with you! I’m so sorry to hear about your Grandma. Aw, thank you so much, Angela!! I appreciate your condolences! Hope you’re having a great week! I’m so sorry for your loss. Right now is an extra hard time to lose someone you love so much. Hugs your way. I love the advent calendar! I want that wrapping paper you used as a runner for your table too! And those glitter bottle! Oh man! Wonderful! Thank you so much Shambray, your sweet words mean a lot! I found that wrapping paper at Joann’s! And glitter is just amazing, isn’t it?! 🙂 Hope you’re having a great week! So sorry to hear about your grandma, sweet friend. How lovely that you have some of her things to incorporate into your decor. Your home is gorgeous and I love, love, LOVE those glittery wine bottle candles!! Amanda – first off, I am so sorry for your loss. 🙁 How difficult, especially during the Christmas season. But on a happier note, I love your Christmas decor! Your home is gorgeous and all of your little touches are so perfect! Hey Dear, your home is so pretty and, well so are you (love your pic in your door, so welcoming :). You have so many great DIY’s throughout your home! Beautiful! It has been so crazy around my house that I have yet to even get my tree up. My daughter is bugging me on a daily basis now. We have been redoing her room into her Frozen theme that she wanted, so my house is destroyed with all of the projects we have going on for it and making her a loft bed...yikes way to close to Christmas I guess! I am so sorry to hear about your Grandma. My great gram who was 101 passed away 2 summers ago and I still miss her every day 🙁 I am so grateful that she was around to spend 4 years with my daughter and she will have memories of her. I pray that you and your family have the support and strength you need to deal with such heartache. Oh sweet friend, you are the best!! You just made my day with all your sweet words and prayers! I’m so thankful my grandma got to meet my daughter, and I have a few pictures to remember those moments by! It’s ok, usually we are just getting our tree up by now, too! Having a blog has really given me a kick in the pants to get stuff going sooner! A Frozen theme will be SO fun! Hope you have such a great weekend! I love your rustic glam holiday decor! Rustic glam is perfect any time of year if you ask me! 🙂 I really love that modge-podge glitter frame! Might need to make one of those myself! Thinking of you as you go through this season without your grandmother. My husbands grandfather passed away this week to. Thankful that Christmas will always remind us of him each year! Thank you, Nicole!! I agree, rustic glam is just fab ALL the time! 🙂 Especially with glitter! I’m so sorry to hear about your hub’s grandfather, too! While Christmas won’t be the same this year, you’re right; we’ll always remember them during this season! Hope you’re having a great weekend! Your home looks beautiful, Amanda! I love all the trees you made. They look great clustered together. I also love the glittery wine bottles and gold table runner on your table! Thank you for inviting me to be a part of this tour! I have enjoyed checking out everyone’s homes! They are all so different, but so cozy! So pretty! I’m in love with those glittery wine bottle candleholders! Genius idea. Hope you have a Merry Christmas! Thank you so much, Jamie! The glittery wine bottles are my favorite decoration. 🙂 Hope you have a Merry Christmas as well! I am sorry about your grandmother. You have a beautiful home, thanks for linking up to On Display Thursday! Thank you Carmody! Hope you have a fabulous weekend! What a beautiful home you have! I love that you put up the ornaments you made with your grandpa too! Thanks so much for sharing with us at Talented Tuesdays. I hope you had a Merry Christmas Amanda with your cute little family and I would love to have you join us again this week! Thank you for sharing my creativity! However, unauthorized use and/or duplication of content on this blog without written permission from me is not allowed. You are welcome to use 1 photo, given that you link back to the Dwelling in Happiness blog post you are using it from. If you'd like to use more, you must e-mail me and ask for permission. Any free printables I share are for personal use only. Please feel free to pin anything you see on this blog, using the handy “pin it” button when you hover over a photo. Thank you! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> When Novak Djokovic or Angelique Kerber step out to defend their Australian Open titles this year they will share the court with linesmen, ball boys and girls and ... 12 spectators. For the first time in its history, and for the first time at any major tennis tournament, cashed-up fans will have the opportunity to watch matches played on centre court at Melbourne Park from special on-court seats. Tennis Australia commercial director Richard Heaselgrave says the old photographers' pit is gone – moved to another part of the arena – and in its place will be 12 premium seats less than two metres from the players. The seats are so premium Heaselgrave won't even divulge the price, but admits the four-figure sum is ""quite a lot of money"". Prices change depending on who is playing. Taking its cue from crowd experiences at overseas events, such as NBA basketball in the US, Tennis Australia is just one of several local sports bodies looking to tap new revenue streams at higher margins in the luxury customer market. When they returned to the National Basketball League this season after an eight-year hiatus, the Brisbane Bullets made sideline seats a key part of their premium customer pitch. Bullets head of commercial Cameron O'Hara says the club's new Hollywood seats were inspired by the celebrity sightings at NBA games. ""We call it the Jack Nicholson experience, because it all started with celebrities like Jack sitting courtside at the NBA,"" O'Hara says. ""We're a new franchise coming back after eight years, so we're taking learnings from the NBA and seeing how they entertain their fans and corporates and VIPs."" The Bullets' top-tier tickets at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre cost $240 each. For that fans get to have their feet on the court less than two metres from the players, access to pre-game functions and food and beverage delivered directly to the seats. ""As sporting franchises you're constantly looking at ways to provide non standardised options,"" O'Hara says. ""For the Hollywood package next year, we're looking to include locker room access, a meet and greet with the coach for example. ""We always say 'Innovate or lose ground'. Our standard ticket price is $42, so if you can yield $240 for a seat, that's a premium option for us to sell, and in a small venue like ours, it's even more reason to commercialise every seat."" The club recently introduced in-seat merchandise sales, where customers can place an order from their smartphone and have it delivered to their seat within the same quarter. A week ahead of the Australian Open, Heaselgrave says the Rod Laver Arena on-court seats are attracting global interest. ""We have fans coming over from China who have booked out all the available seats for the whole session for example,"" he says. ""Then it's a lot of milestone celebration actually, we have a husband celebrating his 40th birthday, a dad's 80th, couples on their honeymoon ... I was expecting it to be more corporate based but we're finding a lot of human interest stories."" The experience includes private dining, a dedicated host, and the almost priceless experience of walking on the same hallowed blue surface as the players. The cost is discussed on a one-on-one basis with the customer, and is somewhat fluid. ""If someone wants to take the first five sessions, for example, obviously it's a lot of money and we'll be flexible on the price,"" Heaselgrave says. With no global precedent for this experience in tennis, Tennis Australia took the lead once again from the NBA and also from the world of the arts, where proximity to performers is prized. ""There are a lot of dynamic things happening in other sports, but you're going where no one's gone before with these seats,"" he says. ""No other tennis grand slam does this, the idea of sitting on the court at Wimbledon is impossible."" Heaselgrave says the key tennis players were consulted on the new initiative and extra security measures and codes of conduct will be in place so the fan presence doesn't affect the matches. Luxury hospitality has long been an integral part of sport, but until recently it's been predominantly the domain of corporate entertaining in private suites, accessible by invitation only. But even these are being significantly improved as shown by the swanky new Audi Australia suite at the MCG, a result of a six-month redevelopment by interior designer Darren Palmer. Samsung has also dabbled in premium sports experiences with the futuristic SlideLiner, which allowed four fans to sit on the edge of the rugby pitch and move a five-metre long structure along a custom track to see the Wallabies up close. A new partnership with Telstra has also introduced Smart Seats to Etihad Stadium in Melbourne, where in-seat fully featured Samsung Galaxy tablets are available for fans to use for free during the matches. As O'Hara says, sporting matches are inevitably becoming a feast for all the senses. ""When the NBL was purchased by [Dodo founder] Larry Kestelman in October 2015, his vision was to create a premium top-end entertainment product. You see the Cricket Big Bash coming into that realm also. ""We're all about entertainment, we're a show."" Our professional knowledge, elite team, and industry experience are our incomparable advantage, which ensures us to grasp the market pulse in different areas across Melbourne. Copyright © 2019 Website. Designed by Cactusinspiration. </s>" <s> When Novak Djokovic or Angelique Kerber step out to defend their Australian Open titles this year they will share the court with linesmen, ball boys and girls and ... 12 spectators. For the first time in its history, and for the first time at any major tennis tournament, cashed-up fans will have the opportunity to watch matches played on centre court at Melbourne Park from special on-court seats. Tennis Australia commercial director Richard Heaselgrave says the old photographers' pit is gone – moved to another part of the arena – and in its place will be 12 premium seats less than two metres from the players. The seats are so premium Heaselgrave won't even divulge the price, but admits the four-figure sum is """quite" a lot of "money""." Prices change depending on who is playing. Taking its cue from crowd experiences at overseas events, such as NBA basketball in the US, Tennis Australia is just one of several local sports bodies looking to tap new revenue streams at higher margins in the luxury customer market. When they returned to the National Basketball League this season after an eight-year hiatus, the Brisbane Bullets made sideline seats a key part of their premium customer pitch. Bullets head of commercial Cameron O'Hara says the club's new Hollywood seats were inspired by the celebrity sightings at NBA games. """We" call it the Jack Nicholson experience, because it all started with celebrities like Jack sitting courtside at the "NBA,""" O'Hara says. """We're" a new franchise coming back after eight years, so we're taking learnings from the NBA and seeing how they entertain their fans and corporates and "VIPs.""" The Bullets' top-tier tickets at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre cost $240 each. For that fans get to have their feet on the court less than two metres from the players, access to pre-game functions and food and beverage delivered directly to the seats. """As" sporting franchises you're constantly looking at ways to provide non standardised "options,""" O'Hara says. """For" the Hollywood package next year, we're looking to include locker room access, a meet and greet with the coach for example. """We" always say 'Innovate or lose ground'. Our standard ticket price is $42, so if you can yield $240 for a seat, that's a premium option for us to sell, and in a small venue like ours, it's even more reason to commercialise every "seat.""" The club recently introduced in-seat merchandise sales, where customers can place an order from their smartphone and have it delivered to their seat within the same quarter. A week ahead of the Australian Open, Heaselgrave says the Rod Laver Arena on-court seats are attracting global interest. """We" have fans coming over from China who have booked out all the available seats for the whole session for "example,""" he says. """Then" it's a lot of milestone celebration actually, we have a husband celebrating his 40th birthday, a dad's 80th, couples on their honeymoon ... I was expecting it to be more corporate based but we're finding a lot of human interest "stories.""" The experience includes private dining, a dedicated host, and the almost priceless experience of walking on the same hallowed blue surface as the players. The cost is discussed on a one-on-one basis with the customer, and is somewhat fluid. """If" someone wants to take the first five sessions, for example, obviously it's a lot of money and we'll be flexible on the "price,""" Heaselgrave says. With no global precedent for this experience in tennis, Tennis Australia took the lead once again from the NBA and also from the world of the arts, where proximity to performers is prized. """There" are a lot of dynamic things happening in other sports, but you're going where no one's gone before with these "seats,""" he says. """No" other tennis grand slam does this, the idea of sitting on the court at Wimbledon is "impossible.""" Heaselgrave says the key tennis players were consulted on the new initiative and extra security measures and codes of conduct will be in place so the fan presence doesn't affect the matches. Luxury hospitality has long been an integral part of sport, but until recently it's been predominantly the domain of corporate entertaining in private suites, accessible by invitation only. But even these are being significantly improved as shown by the swanky new Audi Australia suite at the MCG, a result of a six-month redevelopment by interior designer Darren Palmer. Samsung has also dabbled in premium sports experiences with the futuristic SlideLiner, which allowed four fans to sit on the edge of the rugby pitch and move a five-metre long structure along a custom track to see the Wallabies up close. A new partnership with Telstra has also introduced Smart Seats to Etihad Stadium in Melbourne, where in-seat fully featured Samsung Galaxy tablets are available for fans to use for free during the matches. As O'Hara says, sporting matches are inevitably becoming a feast for all the senses. """When" the NBL was purchased by [Dodo founder] Larry Kestelman in October 2015, his vision was to create a premium top-end entertainment product. You see the Cricket Big Bash coming into that realm also. """We're" all about entertainment, we're a "show.""" Our professional knowledge, elite team, and industry experience are our incomparable advantage, which ensures us to grasp the market pulse in different areas across Melbourne. Copyright © 2019 Website. Designed by Cactusinspiration. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Dining room and dinette super center. Dining room tall table and chairs for sale tables set. 75% off tall extendable dining room table set / tables. Reign adjustable height table and 4 counter height chairs. Homelegance westwood 5pc counter height dining table set. Tall dining table and chairs height dining set. Tall wooden giraffe foter. El prado hotel updated 2017 prices reviews. Amazing cozy dining room with wavy ceiling lamps racks. Best transitional dining room chandelier for dining #18059. Circular black glass contemporary lounge dining room wall. 27 beautiful dining rooms that will make your jaw drop. Capri turquoise and gold dining room jetclass real. 49 marble top dining table set, dining table: marble top. Dining captains chairs dining room ideas. Carpet dining room dining room : tips for getting best. Hill creek black 5 pc counter height dining room dining. Dining tables: marvellous booth style dining table. 3 concrete lofts with wide open floor plans. Half pint glass tumblers with crown, set of 8 reviews. The images collection of based using round wooden in room. Dining room arrangement ideas restaurant seating. Unique small apartment living room dining room combo. Chemex 6 cup coffeemaker with wood collar reviews. Affordable mid century interior design table finest dining. </s>" <s> Dining room and dinette super center. Dining room tall table and chairs for sale tables set. 75% off tall extendable dining room table set / tables. Reign adjustable height table and 4 counter height chairs. Homelegance westwood 5pc counter height dining table set. Tall dining table and chairs height dining set. Tall wooden giraffe foter. El prado hotel updated 2017 prices reviews. Amazing cozy dining room with wavy ceiling lamps racks. Best transitional dining room chandelier for dining #18059. Circular black glass contemporary lounge dining room wall. 27 beautiful dining rooms that will make your jaw drop. Capri turquoise and gold dining room jetclass real. 49 marble top dining table set, dining table: marble top. Dining captains chairs dining room ideas. Carpet dining room dining room : tips for getting best. Hill creek black 5 pc counter height dining room dining. Dining tables: marvellous booth style dining table. 3 concrete lofts with wide open floor plans. Half pint glass tumblers with crown, set of 8 reviews. The images collection of based using round wooden in room. Dining room arrangement ideas restaurant seating. Unique small apartment living room dining room combo. Chemex 6 cup coffeemaker with wood collar reviews. Affordable mid century interior design table finest dining. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> ""An Act to establish the county of Meigs, in honor of Colonel Return J. Meigs, deceased; a patriot and soldier of the American Revolution of 1776."" SECTION 1. BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, That a new county be, and the same is hereby established, between the county of McMinn and the Tennessee River, to be known by the name of Meigs County, in honor of Colonel Return Jonathan Meigs, deceased, a patriot and soldier of the revolution of 1776; to be composed of that part of Rhea County lying south of Tennessee River, and bounded as follows: - beginning at a point below William Blythe's on the Tennessee River, where the line divides the counties of Rhea and Hamilton; thence running a south east course, with said line, dividing the counties of Rhea and Hamilton to Wilson Nevins’, where the Rhea County line intersects the McMinn County line; thence a north east course with said McMinn line, to a large ridge above the mouth of Price's Creek; thence with said dividing line between the counties of Rhea and McMinn, to the eight mile tree or stake, near Bottom's mills, on Sugar Creek; thence a north west course with the line dividing the counties of Rhea and Roane, at or near the mouth of White's Creek, on the Tennessee River; thence down the main channel of said river to the beginning. SECTION 2. BE IT ENACTED, That for the due administration of justice, the county court and the circuit court in said county shall be held at the house of John Stewart, until otherwise provided for, under the same regulations and restrictions, and shall exercise and possess the same power and jurisdiction as possessed by said courts in other counties in this state. SECTION 3. BE IT ENACTED, That all officers, civil and military in said county of Meigs, shall continue to hold their offices, and exercise all the powers thereof, until others are elected under the provisions of the amended constitution and the laws made in pursuance thereof; and the said county of Meigs shall elect for others, civil and military, under the amended constitution, at the same time, and under the same rules and restrictions, and in the same manner that may be provided for the electing of officers in other counties in this state; and the said county of Meigs shall be placed upon an equal footing, possess equal powers and privileges, in all respects, as other counties in this state; Provided, nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to deprive the county of Rhea from having, holding and exercising jurisdiction over the territory composing said county of Meigs, and the citizens thereof, in as full and ample a manner as they now have, until the election of county officers, under the amended constitution; Provided, also, nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to prevent the county of Rhea from entering up judgments, or the sheriff of said county from selling, under such judgments, any lands within the bounds of said county of Meigs, for taxes, costs and charges, for the present or any preceding year, not to prevent the sheriff of said Rhea County, from collecting from the citizens of said county of Meigs, any taxes due for the present or any preceding year. SECTION 4. BE IT ENACTED, That the citizens of the county of Meigs, in all elections for governor, members of congress and for members of the general assembly shall vote as heretofore, with the county of Rhea, until the next apportionment of members of the general assembly, agreeable to the provisions of the fifth section of the tenth article of the amended constitution. SECTION 5. BE IT ENACTED, That James Blevins, James Lillard, William Keer, Andrew Kincannon, John Randals and Elisha Sharp, all with the county of Meigs, be and they are hereby appointed commissioners, a majority of whom can act, who shall, on or before the first Monday in May next proceed to fix on a place, as near the center of said county as an eligible site can be procured, at least within three miles of the center of said county; at which site the said commissioners shall procure, by purchase or otherwise, at least fifty acres of land; for which they shall cause a deed or deeds to be made to themselves and successors in office, by general warranty; and the said commissioners shall report and return all their proceedings relative to and concerning said county, to the county court of said county; and it shall be the duty of the clerk of said county to record the same. SECTION 6. BE IT ENACTED, That it shall be the duty of the county court of said county to appoint five commissioners, to whom the commissioners appointed by this act, shall convey the land acquired for the use of said county, on which it shall be the duty of the commissioners, appointed by the county court, to cause a town to be laid off, with as many streets and of such width as they may deem necessary, reserving at least three acres for a public square and a lot sufficient for building a court house and jail, and said town, where so laid off, shall be known as Decatur, in honor of the late Commodore Stephen Decatur of the United States navy. SECTION 7. BE IT ENACTED, That the commissioner of said county, shall sell the lots in said town on a credit of at least twelve months; first giving due notice thereof, in one or more newspapers printed in this state; and shall take bond with sufficient securities, from the purchasers of said lots, payable to themselves and successors in office; and shall make title, in fee simple, as commissioners, to the respective purchasers. SECTION 8. BE IT ENACTED, That the proceeds of the sales of the lots aforesaid, shall be a fund in the hands of said commissioners, for defraying the expenses incurred in the purchase of the said tract of land, on which the said county seat is located; and also, for defraying the expenses of erecting public buildings. SECTION 9. BE IT ENACTED, That the said commissioners shall superintend the building the court house and jail, and other necessary public buildings; and shall let out such buildings as the county court in said county shall order to be built, upon such terms and conditions as the said court shall direct; and shall take bond, with sufficient security, from the person or persons to whom the same is let payable to themselves and successors in office, in the sum of ten thousand dollars, conditioned for the faithful performance of his or their contracts. SECTION 10. BE IT ENACTED, That the said commissioners, before they enter upon the duties of their offices assigned them by this act, shall take an oath as affirmation that they will truly and faithfully execute and perform the different duties by this act enjoined upon them, according to the best of their judgment; and moreover, shall enter into bond with approved security, payable to the chairman of the county court of Meigs County, and his successors in office, in the sum of five thousand dollars conditioned for the due and faithful performance of the duties enjoined upon him by this act; which bond shall be deposited in the clerk's office in said county; and shall not be so construed as to make one of the commissioners security for another. SECTION 11. BE IT ENACTED, That said commissioner shall keep a fair and regular statement of all money by them received and expended; which statement, when required, shall, from time to time, be laid before the county court; but said commissioner shall not be elected no oftener than once a year; and when all the necessary public buildings are completed, the said commissioners shall, by order of the county court pay over all surplus money to the county trustee, for county purposes; and they shall be allowed by the county court a reasonable compensation for their services. SECTION 12. BE IT ENACTED, That the first six commissioners mentioned in this act, shall be entitled to receive, as compensation for their services, the sum of two dollars for each day they may be absent from home and necessarily employed in performing the duties required of them by this act, to be paid by the said county court of Meigs, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated. SECTION 13. BE IT ENACTED, That should the county court of Meigs not be organized in time to appoint the commissioners to lay off the town and sell the lots that it shall and may be lawful for the county court of Rhea to take the bond and security of said commissioners, payable to the chairman of the county court of Meigs, and his successors in office; and do and perform any other act or acts required by this act, until the organization of said county court of Meigs; and it shall be as good and binding as if done by the county court of said county of Meigs. </s>" <s> """An" Act to establish the county of Meigs, in honor of Colonel Return J. Meigs, deceased; a patriot and soldier of the American Revolution of "1776.""" SECTION 1. BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, That a new county be, and the same is hereby established, between the county of McMinn and the Tennessee River, to be known by the name of Meigs County, in honor of Colonel Return Jonathan Meigs, deceased, a patriot and soldier of the revolution of 1776; to be composed of that part of Rhea County lying south of Tennessee River, and bounded as follows: - beginning at a point below William Blythe's on the Tennessee River, where the line divides the counties of Rhea and Hamilton; thence running a south east course, with said line, dividing the counties of Rhea and Hamilton to Wilson Nevins’, where the Rhea County line intersects the McMinn County line; thence a north east course with said McMinn line, to a large ridge above the mouth of Price's Creek; thence with said dividing line between the counties of Rhea and McMinn, to the eight mile tree or stake, near Bottom's mills, on Sugar Creek; thence a north west course with the line dividing the counties of Rhea and Roane, at or near the mouth of White's Creek, on the Tennessee River; thence down the main channel of said river to the beginning. SECTION 2. BE IT ENACTED, That for the due administration of justice, the county court and the circuit court in said county shall be held at the house of John Stewart, until otherwise provided for, under the same regulations and restrictions, and shall exercise and possess the same power and jurisdiction as possessed by said courts in other counties in this state. SECTION 3. BE IT ENACTED, That all officers, civil and military in said county of Meigs, shall continue to hold their offices, and exercise all the powers thereof, until others are elected under the provisions of the amended constitution and the laws made in pursuance thereof; and the said county of Meigs shall elect for others, civil and military, under the amended constitution, at the same time, and under the same rules and restrictions, and in the same manner that may be provided for the electing of officers in other counties in this state; and the said county of Meigs shall be placed upon an equal footing, possess equal powers and privileges, in all respects, as other counties in this state; Provided, nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to deprive the county of Rhea from having, holding and exercising jurisdiction over the territory composing said county of Meigs, and the citizens thereof, in as full and ample a manner as they now have, until the election of county officers, under the amended constitution; Provided, also, nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to prevent the county of Rhea from entering up judgments, or the sheriff of said county from selling, under such judgments, any lands within the bounds of said county of Meigs, for taxes, costs and charges, for the present or any preceding year, not to prevent the sheriff of said Rhea County, from collecting from the citizens of said county of Meigs, any taxes due for the present or any preceding year. SECTION 4. BE IT ENACTED, That the citizens of the county of Meigs, in all elections for governor, members of congress and for members of the general assembly shall vote as heretofore, with the county of Rhea, until the next apportionment of members of the general assembly, agreeable to the provisions of the fifth section of the tenth article of the amended constitution. SECTION 5. BE IT ENACTED, That James Blevins, James Lillard, William Keer, Andrew Kincannon, John Randals and Elisha Sharp, all with the county of Meigs, be and they are hereby appointed commissioners, a majority of whom can act, who shall, on or before the first Monday in May next proceed to fix on a place, as near the center of said county as an eligible site can be procured, at least within three miles of the center of said county; at which site the said commissioners shall procure, by purchase or otherwise, at least fifty acres of land; for which they shall cause a deed or deeds to be made to themselves and successors in office, by general warranty; and the said commissioners shall report and return all their proceedings relative to and concerning said county, to the county court of said county; and it shall be the duty of the clerk of said county to record the same. SECTION 6. BE IT ENACTED, That it shall be the duty of the county court of said county to appoint five commissioners, to whom the commissioners appointed by this act, shall convey the land acquired for the use of said county, on which it shall be the duty of the commissioners, appointed by the county court, to cause a town to be laid off, with as many streets and of such width as they may deem necessary, reserving at least three acres for a public square and a lot sufficient for building a court house and jail, and said town, where so laid off, shall be known as Decatur, in honor of the late Commodore Stephen Decatur of the United States navy. SECTION 7. BE IT ENACTED, That the commissioner of said county, shall sell the lots in said town on a credit of at least twelve months; first giving due notice thereof, in one or more newspapers printed in this state; and shall take bond with sufficient securities, from the purchasers of said lots, payable to themselves and successors in office; and shall make title, in fee simple, as commissioners, to the respective purchasers. SECTION 8. BE IT ENACTED, That the proceeds of the sales of the lots aforesaid, shall be a fund in the hands of said commissioners, for defraying the expenses incurred in the purchase of the said tract of land, on which the said county seat is located; and also, for defraying the expenses of erecting public buildings. SECTION 9. BE IT ENACTED, That the said commissioners shall superintend the building the court house and jail, and other necessary public buildings; and shall let out such buildings as the county court in said county shall order to be built, upon such terms and conditions as the said court shall direct; and shall take bond, with sufficient security, from the person or persons to whom the same is let payable to themselves and successors in office, in the sum of ten thousand dollars, conditioned for the faithful performance of his or their contracts. SECTION 10. BE IT ENACTED, That the said commissioners, before they enter upon the duties of their offices assigned them by this act, shall take an oath as affirmation that they will truly and faithfully execute and perform the different duties by this act enjoined upon them, according to the best of their judgment; and moreover, shall enter into bond with approved security, payable to the chairman of the county court of Meigs County, and his successors in office, in the sum of five thousand dollars conditioned for the due and faithful performance of the duties enjoined upon him by this act; which bond shall be deposited in the clerk's office in said county; and shall not be so construed as to make one of the commissioners security for another. SECTION 11. BE IT ENACTED, That said commissioner shall keep a fair and regular statement of all money by them received and expended; which statement, when required, shall, from time to time, be laid before the county court; but said commissioner shall not be elected no oftener than once a year; and when all the necessary public buildings are completed, the said commissioners shall, by order of the county court pay over all surplus money to the county trustee, for county purposes; and they shall be allowed by the county court a reasonable compensation for their services. SECTION 12. BE IT ENACTED, That the first six commissioners mentioned in this act, shall be entitled to receive, as compensation for their services, the sum of two dollars for each day they may be absent from home and necessarily employed in performing the duties required of them by this act, to be paid by the said county court of Meigs, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated. SECTION 13. BE IT ENACTED, That should the county court of Meigs not be organized in time to appoint the commissioners to lay off the town and sell the lots that it shall and may be lawful for the county court of Rhea to take the bond and security of said commissioners, payable to the chairman of the county court of Meigs, and his successors in office; and do and perform any other act or acts required by this act, until the organization of said county court of Meigs; and it shall be as good and binding as if done by the county court of said county of Meigs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Cord blood banking involves collecting blood left in your newborn's umbilical cord and placenta and storing it for future medical use. Cord blood contains potentially life-saving cells called stem cells. There are currently six hospitals in the UK where your cord blood can be collected for free and donated to the NHS cord blood bank. Cord blood stored in the NHS cord blood bank can be used by anyone who needs it. If you are giving birth elsewhere, you would need to pay to collect and store your baby's cord blood privately. Cord blood stored in a private bank is only available for use by your family. Not all maternity units or midwives will support private cord blood collection. If you are considering it, ask your midwife what your local hospital's policy is. As a general rule, doctors think that cord blood should be stored privately only if your family has a medical reason to do it. One example is if you already have a child who could be helped by a stem cell transfusion. Other than reasons like this doctors don't think there's enough benefit for most families. The chance of your child, or a family member needing a transplant from the stored stem cells is remote. However, research into medical uses for stem cells is happening all the time. For some parents, the possibility that the stem cells may be needed for therapies that haven't yet been discovered prompts them to consider storing their baby's cord blood, and sometimes a section of the umbilical cord as well. Stem cells can develop into blood cells that fight infection, carry oxygen around the body and help with blood clotting. At the moment, stem cells can be used in the treatment of some cancers, blood disorders, and immune deficiencies. Among these are leukaemia, aplastic anaemia, thalassaemia, Hodgkin's disease, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. In any therapy involving a transplant there is a risk of the body rejecting the transplanted cells or reacting against them. In the unlikely event of your child needing a stem cell transfer, stored cord blood would be a perfect match for him. And there's a good chance of it being a match for your other children, if you have any. If you donate cord blood to the NHS cord blood bank, and later someone in your family needs a stem cell transplant, the registries will be searched for the most appropriate match. This could be the one you donated if it hasn't already been used for another patient. Some in-born diseases or conditions can't be treated with your child's own stem cells. The problem may still be present in his stored stem cells so a close match from one or two other donors would be needed instead. Older children and adults often need stem cells from more than one donor for treatment to work. If you are considering cord blood banking, it's best to find out as much as you can during your pregnancy. Cord blood should ideally be taken just after the placenta is delivered. It then has to be tested and frozen for storage. The process should not interfere with you and your baby's birth experience. Some mums feel it is more important for their baby to benefit from delayed cord clamping than to collect cord blood. If you are storing your baby's cord blood, you can still delay cord clamping, as long as the delay is brief – no more than a minute or two. If you are hoping to store your baby's cord blood privately, you'll need to weigh up the benefits and the costs, although many private companies offer payment plans to make it more affordable. Ask if private cord blood collection is allowed at the birth unit you're planning to attend. If it is, then a midwife from the labour ward will collect the blood. If not, then you'll need to arrange in advance for a specialist who is trained to take blood (phlebotomist) to be at the birth. you've had a previous disease, such as HIV or hepatitis B. you or your baby develop a complication during pregnancy or labour, such as pre-eclampsia, severe abnormalities, premature birth or severe fetal distress. If you have arranged cord blood collection with a private company, you should not be charged if they are unable to make the collection. Find out more about the NHS cord blood bank. The HTA, a regulator that ensures human tissue and organs are used safely and ethically, and with proper consent, also features a list of key questions to ask private cord blood banks. www.CordBloodAware.org have a list of all UK hospitals accepting umbilical cord blood donations for both NHSBT and Anthony Nolan. They also have additional information about banking cord blood in a private bank. </s>" <s> Cord blood banking involves collecting blood left in your newborn's umbilical cord and placenta and storing it for future medical use. Cord blood contains potentially life-saving cells called stem cells. There are currently six hospitals in the UK where your cord blood can be collected for free and donated to the NHS cord blood bank. Cord blood stored in the NHS cord blood bank can be used by anyone who needs it. If you are giving birth elsewhere, you would need to pay to collect and store your baby's cord blood privately. Cord blood stored in a private bank is only available for use by your family. Not all maternity units or midwives will support private cord blood collection. If you are considering it, ask your midwife what your local hospital's policy is. As a general rule, doctors think that cord blood should be stored privately only if your family has a medical reason to do it. One example is if you already have a child who could be helped by a stem cell transfusion. Other than reasons like this doctors don't think there's enough benefit for most families. The chance of your child, or a family member needing a transplant from the stored stem cells is remote. However, research into medical uses for stem cells is happening all the time. For some parents, the possibility that the stem cells may be needed for therapies that haven't yet been discovered prompts them to consider storing their baby's cord blood, and sometimes a section of the umbilical cord as well. Stem cells can develop into blood cells that fight infection, carry oxygen around the body and help with blood clotting. At the moment, stem cells can be used in the treatment of some cancers, blood disorders, and immune deficiencies. Among these are leukaemia, aplastic anaemia, thalassaemia, Hodgkin's disease, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. In any therapy involving a transplant there is a risk of the body rejecting the transplanted cells or reacting against them. In the unlikely event of your child needing a stem cell transfer, stored cord blood would be a perfect match for him. And there's a good chance of it being a match for your other children, if you have any. If you donate cord blood to the NHS cord blood bank, and later someone in your family needs a stem cell transplant, the registries will be searched for the most appropriate match. This could be the one you donated if it hasn't already been used for another patient. Some in-born diseases or conditions can't be treated with your child's own stem cells. The problem may still be present in his stored stem cells so a close match from one or two other donors would be needed instead. Older children and adults often need stem cells from more than one donor for treatment to work. If you are considering cord blood banking, it's best to find out as much as you can during your pregnancy. Cord blood should ideally be taken just after the placenta is delivered. It then has to be tested and frozen for storage. The process should not interfere with you and your baby's birth experience. Some mums feel it is more important for their baby to benefit from delayed cord clamping than to collect cord blood. If you are storing your baby's cord blood, you can still delay cord clamping, as long as the delay is brief – no more than a minute or two. If you are hoping to store your baby's cord blood privately, you'll need to weigh up the benefits and the costs, although many private companies offer payment plans to make it more affordable. Ask if private cord blood collection is allowed at the birth unit you're planning to attend. If it is, then a midwife from the labour ward will collect the blood. If not, then you'll need to arrange in advance for a specialist who is trained to take blood (phlebotomist) to be at the birth. you've had a previous disease, such as HIV or hepatitis B. you or your baby develop a complication during pregnancy or labour, such as pre-eclampsia, severe abnormalities, premature birth or severe fetal distress. If you have arranged cord blood collection with a private company, you should not be charged if they are unable to make the collection. Find out more about the NHS cord blood bank. The HTA, a regulator that ensures human tissue and organs are used safely and ethically, and with proper consent, also features a list of key questions to ask private cord blood banks. www.CordBloodAware.org have a list of all UK hospitals accepting umbilical cord blood donations for both NHSBT and Anthony Nolan. They also have additional information about banking cord blood in a private bank. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Pala Casino Spa & Resort will continue its FREE Events series in July featuring the 60+ Club at 1 p.m. on Tuesdays, and the underground wine CAVE, the new, expanded Luis Rey’s and Bar Meets Grill on weekends. Due to construction of Pala’s expansion and renovation, no tribute concerts are scheduled. The 60+ Club will meet in the Pala Events Center. </s>" <s> Pala Casino Spa & Resort will continue its FREE Events series in July featuring the 60+ Club at 1 p.m. on Tuesdays, and the underground wine CAVE, the new, expanded Luis Rey’s and Bar Meets Grill on weekends. Due to construction of Pala’s expansion and renovation, no tribute concerts are scheduled. The 60+ Club will meet in the Pala Events Center. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Our broad range of 1470 nm lasers are used for Scientific Applications involving Spectral Analysis, Communications Research, Biological Experiments, Material Processing, Raman Spectroscopy, Holography. PIV and a broad spectrum of other applications. The LLD-1470 Series of Low-Noise Collimated Diode Lasers are ideal for applications requiring less than 1% noise and output power levels from 100 mW to 800 mW. These 1470 nm IR lasers maintain a high level of long-term output power stability and long operating lifetime at an aggressively competitive cost. The LRD-1470 Series of Collimated Diode (Semiconductor) Lasers are ideal for applications requiring a wavelength of around 1470 nm and a wide range of output power levels from 100 mW to 20 W with a high level of long-term output power stability and long operating lifetime at an aggressively competitive cost. These lasers are commonly used for communications research, machine vision, scientific applications involving spectral analysis, biology research, and a broad spectrum of other applications. The driver is available as a complete FDA-compliant system or as an O.E.M. component with significantly reduced dimensions. The LID-1470 Series of Enhanced Profile Collimated Diode (Semiconductor) Lasers are ideal for applications requiring a better beam profile than the standard 1470 nm diode laser. This series is available in a range of output power levels of 50 mW to 150 mW with high power stability and long operating lifetime. </s>" <s> Our broad range of 1470 nm lasers are used for Scientific Applications involving Spectral Analysis, Communications Research, Biological Experiments, Material Processing, Raman Spectroscopy, Holography. PIV and a broad spectrum of other applications. The LLD-1470 Series of Low-Noise Collimated Diode Lasers are ideal for applications requiring less than 1% noise and output power levels from 100 mW to 800 mW. These 1470 nm IR lasers maintain a high level of long-term output power stability and long operating lifetime at an aggressively competitive cost. The LRD-1470 Series of Collimated Diode (Semiconductor) Lasers are ideal for applications requiring a wavelength of around 1470 nm and a wide range of output power levels from 100 mW to 20 W with a high level of long-term output power stability and long operating lifetime at an aggressively competitive cost. These lasers are commonly used for communications research, machine vision, scientific applications involving spectral analysis, biology research, and a broad spectrum of other applications. The driver is available as a complete FDA-compliant system or as an O.E.M. component with significantly reduced dimensions. The LID-1470 Series of Enhanced Profile Collimated Diode (Semiconductor) Lasers are ideal for applications requiring a better beam profile than the standard 1470 nm diode laser. This series is available in a range of output power levels of 50 mW to 150 mW with high power stability and long operating lifetime. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> This escape room is a fairy tale gone wrong! Locked in a tower, your team must escape quickly in order to save the kingdom and ensure a happily ever after. There will be three sessions on this day, starting at 3:30, 4:30, and 5:30. These sessions are for kids ages 10-13. Registration is required; sign up individually or as a group of up to 6 people by calling the Library at 517-265-2265. Mixed age groups are also welcome. Contact the Library for more information. </s>" <s> This escape room is a fairy tale gone wrong! Locked in a tower, your team must escape quickly in order to save the kingdom and ensure a happily ever after. There will be three sessions on this day, starting at 3:30, 4:30, and 5:30. These sessions are for kids ages 10-13. Registration is required; sign up individually or as a group of up to 6 people by calling the Library at 517-265-2265. Mixed age groups are also welcome. Contact the Library for more information. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> How to Stop Ebola – and It’s More Than a Vaccine – WFSJ I We believe that science journalism will help make science accountable. Ms Serusha Govender, a freelance journalist based in Johannesburg, South Africa, has published an article on the TRUE Africa new media-tech platformon How to Stop Ebola – and It is More Than a Vaccine. Ms Govender was one of nine journalists from across Africa participating in the Training of Trainers (ToT) workshop organized by the World Federation of Science Journalists in Abidjan, Ivory Coast (12-16 September 2015). The journalists were trained by two European Science Journalists: Igor Strauss (Radio France International) and Kai Kupferschmidt (Süddeutsche Zeitung). All participating journalists in the ToT were either experts in science and health-related issues or have closely covered the recent Ebola crisis in Western Africa. Their expertise as well as their knowledge of the region was used to develop a course curriculum on infectious diseases. Read the entire article on the TRUE Africa blog here. </s>" <s> How to Stop Ebola – and It’s More Than a Vaccine – WFSJ I We believe that science journalism will help make science accountable. Ms Serusha Govender, a freelance journalist based in Johannesburg, South Africa, has published an article on the TRUE Africa new media-tech platformon How to Stop Ebola – and It is More Than a Vaccine. Ms Govender was one of nine journalists from across Africa participating in the Training of Trainers (ToT) workshop organized by the World Federation of Science Journalists in Abidjan, Ivory Coast (12-16 September 2015). The journalists were trained by two European Science Journalists: Igor Strauss (Radio France International) and Kai Kupferschmidt (Süddeutsche Zeitung). All participating journalists in the ToT were either experts in science and health-related issues or have closely covered the recent Ebola crisis in Western Africa. Their expertise as well as their knowledge of the region was used to develop a course curriculum on infectious diseases. Read the entire article on the TRUE Africa blog here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> About 30 min. walk from Kotoden Railway Yashima Stn. In 754, Ganjin visited this place on his way to Namba from China and built a sanctuary for which his disciple acted as abbot. Later in 815, Kukai came here, constructed the Main Hall, carved and enshrined the the main deity. This mountain is the site of a major battle between the Heike (Taira) and Genji (Minamoto) clans during the 12th Century. </s>" <s> About 30 min. walk from Kotoden Railway Yashima Stn. In 754, Ganjin visited this place on his way to Namba from China and built a sanctuary for which his disciple acted as abbot. Later in 815, Kukai came here, constructed the Main Hall, carved and enshrined the the main deity. This mountain is the site of a major battle between the Heike (Taira) and Genji (Minamoto) clans during the 12th Century. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Black and female at a demonstration? For Brazil’s Record TV network, she could only be a vandal and troublemaker! Artist sentenced to prison for comic strip: Is this depiction of a black woman and children racist or a condemnation of racism? </s>" <s> Black and female at a demonstration? For Brazil’s Record TV network, she could only be a vandal and troublemaker! Artist sentenced to prison for comic strip: Is this depiction of a black woman and children racist or a condemnation of racism? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Linking up again to this fun weekly photography challenge, hosted by East9thStreet, A Helicopter Mom, Nap Time Is My Time and Sunshine and Sippy Cups! This week’s color is BLACK. This is another photo I took while on my trip to Durango... This train was so neat to photograph, even for an amateur like me! Come join in on the fun! Grab your camera (or look through your photo albums) and link up! Now that really IS cool! That is a great train picture!!! I love how you captured the steam from the train!! </s>" <s> Linking up again to this fun weekly photography challenge, hosted by East9thStreet, A Helicopter Mom, Nap Time Is My Time and Sunshine and Sippy Cups! This week’s color is BLACK. This is another photo I took while on my trip to Durango... This train was so neat to photograph, even for an amateur like me! Come join in on the fun! Grab your camera (or look through your photo albums) and link up! Now that really IS cool! That is a great train picture!!! I love how you captured the steam from the train!! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Leanne's showreel is currently in the process of being edited. Check back soon! ""Very happy to have cast Leanne Faulkner in this music video. She did a sterling job with very little prep time and plenty of studio pressure"" </s>" <s> Leanne's showreel is currently in the process of being edited. Check back soon! """Very" happy to have cast Leanne Faulkner in this music video. She did a sterling job with very little prep time and plenty of studio "pressure""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The process of measuring success with Inbound Marketing, while having common elements at a high level, really needs to be unique to each company at the granular level. Ideally, there should be a direct correlation between the objectives a company has set and the metrics they’ll use to determine success. There will also be variations in the metrics used by each functional area in the company – e.g. sales may be looking at lead volume, lead quality and lead cost, while customer service is concerned with complaint volume, resolution time and cost per incident handled. Once the link between objectives and metrics is firmly established, there are several steps in setting up a basic measurement process that will provide insight into inbound Marketing’s financial impact. Set a baseline for key metrics prior to launching the strategy. Using one of the metrics mentioned above as an example, you’ll want to know what your current cost per lead is prior to implementing your inbound marketing strategy to get a clear picture of the strategy’s impact over a set period of time. Make sure your data collection methods have been tested and are providing you with the information you need to accurately measure change. The items on this list can range from embedding the right tracking urls in your campaigns to ensuring that the various tools and platforms you use are integrated in order to provide seamless performance data. For example, you might rely on webinars to drive leads and you use Constant Contact for the campaign emails, GoToWebinar for hosting the presentations and HubSpot to build the landing pages for post-webinar follow up. You want data from each platform to provide the complete analysis of the lead generation impact of your webinars. Factor costs into your performance data to get a true picture of the financial impact. You’ll have hard costs that are easy to factor in but invariably you’ll have soft costs that may not be as obvious but need to be accounted for to get the complete picture. It’s important to note that this scenario uses an interim performance measurement in justifying the investment. Top management at Company A is focused on the bottom line and thinks in terms of Return on Investment. Let’s say the typical sales cycle at Company A is 9 months - from generating a qualified lead to closing the sale. In order to keep management committed to the inbound marketing strategy, the reduction in lead cost is the key metric until the point in time that sales are generated from the webinar leads. At that time, it will be possible to run a full ROI scenario from this webinar initiative and add that data to the overall performance assessment. Keep in mind that this is a simplified scenario and focuses on just one aspect of an inbound marketing strategy. Many businesses struggle with making sense of their investment in inbound marketing and social media. The key is to collect the data, analyze the results in light of business objectives and refine the process over time for sustained inbound marketing success. I came across an excellent eBook published by Radian6 that takes a deeper dive on the ROI discussion. There’s a great case study in it highlighting Sea World San Antonio’s use of social media to launch a new roller coaster and it gets into the specific performance of the campaign. You can download it here. </s>" <s> The process of measuring success with Inbound Marketing, while having common elements at a high level, really needs to be unique to each company at the granular level. Ideally, there should be a direct correlation between the objectives a company has set and the metrics they’ll use to determine success. There will also be variations in the metrics used by each functional area in the company – e.g. sales may be looking at lead volume, lead quality and lead cost, while customer service is concerned with complaint volume, resolution time and cost per incident handled. Once the link between objectives and metrics is firmly established, there are several steps in setting up a basic measurement process that will provide insight into inbound Marketing’s financial impact. Set a baseline for key metrics prior to launching the strategy. Using one of the metrics mentioned above as an example, you’ll want to know what your current cost per lead is prior to implementing your inbound marketing strategy to get a clear picture of the strategy’s impact over a set period of time. Make sure your data collection methods have been tested and are providing you with the information you need to accurately measure change. The items on this list can range from embedding the right tracking urls in your campaigns to ensuring that the various tools and platforms you use are integrated in order to provide seamless performance data. For example, you might rely on webinars to drive leads and you use Constant Contact for the campaign emails, GoToWebinar for hosting the presentations and HubSpot to build the landing pages for post-webinar follow up. You want data from each platform to provide the complete analysis of the lead generation impact of your webinars. Factor costs into your performance data to get a true picture of the financial impact. You’ll have hard costs that are easy to factor in but invariably you’ll have soft costs that may not be as obvious but need to be accounted for to get the complete picture. It’s important to note that this scenario uses an interim performance measurement in justifying the investment. Top management at Company A is focused on the bottom line and thinks in terms of Return on Investment. Let’s say the typical sales cycle at Company A is 9 months - from generating a qualified lead to closing the sale. In order to keep management committed to the inbound marketing strategy, the reduction in lead cost is the key metric until the point in time that sales are generated from the webinar leads. At that time, it will be possible to run a full ROI scenario from this webinar initiative and add that data to the overall performance assessment. Keep in mind that this is a simplified scenario and focuses on just one aspect of an inbound marketing strategy. Many businesses struggle with making sense of their investment in inbound marketing and social media. The key is to collect the data, analyze the results in light of business objectives and refine the process over time for sustained inbound marketing success. I came across an excellent eBook published by Radian6 that takes a deeper dive on the ROI discussion. There’s a great case study in it highlighting Sea World San Antonio’s use of social media to launch a new roller coaster and it gets into the specific performance of the campaign. You can download it here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> It is usually place names that defines the photographic series by Benoit Grimbert. Or as he prefers here, it could be the simple name of a road : A406, North Circular Road, because it plays an explicit function of territorial identification, that of the northern outskirts of London. Here, the road serves as a guideline, appearing and disappearing indiscriminately, to let the city emerge at its margin. Also known for most of its length as the «North Circular Road», the A406 constitutes the northern section of London’s second ring road (Ringway 2). As the principal artery linking the east and west of Greater London, this road follows a path existing since the 1920s and has transformed itself little by little (mostly in the eastern and northern sections) into a quasi-highway. An ambitious urban progamme established in the late 1960s was partially abandoned and contributed in creating what is even today a route of a highly incongruous quality. Correlatively, the great variety of urban environments (industrial and commercial zones, community garden plots, residential neighbourhoods of contrasting social levels) along the A406 clearly qualifies it as a ring road, similar to those one finds encircling many contemporary metropolises. Emblematic of the generic city and of the globalization of urban forms and their ongoing transformation, this road represents no less than both a territorial and cultural identity. This photographic project is situated in the internal between these two poles, representing simultaneously a unique yet universal object. This series was created during five separate trips to England, from November 2006 through March 2007. Travelled and photographed along its length essentially on foot, the A406 is presented here in the form of a sequence departing in a East-West geographical orientation. </s>" <s> It is usually place names that defines the photographic series by Benoit Grimbert. Or as he prefers here, it could be the simple name of a road : A406, North Circular Road, because it plays an explicit function of territorial identification, that of the northern outskirts of London. Here, the road serves as a guideline, appearing and disappearing indiscriminately, to let the city emerge at its margin. Also known for most of its length as the «North Circular Road», the A406 constitutes the northern section of London’s second ring road (Ringway 2). As the principal artery linking the east and west of Greater London, this road follows a path existing since the 1920s and has transformed itself little by little (mostly in the eastern and northern sections) into a quasi-highway. An ambitious urban progamme established in the late 1960s was partially abandoned and contributed in creating what is even today a route of a highly incongruous quality. Correlatively, the great variety of urban environments (industrial and commercial zones, community garden plots, residential neighbourhoods of contrasting social levels) along the A406 clearly qualifies it as a ring road, similar to those one finds encircling many contemporary metropolises. Emblematic of the generic city and of the globalization of urban forms and their ongoing transformation, this road represents no less than both a territorial and cultural identity. This photographic project is situated in the internal between these two poles, representing simultaneously a unique yet universal object. This series was created during five separate trips to England, from November 2006 through March 2007. Travelled and photographed along its length essentially on foot, the A406 is presented here in the form of a sequence departing in a East-West geographical orientation. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Companies have gradually accepted the relationship between good business policies and socially responsible business practices as obligatory today. A company perceived to be consciously accountable for the decisions it makes beyond the basic profit making is generally the one that is held in high regard among general public as well as its own employees. On the other hand, a company that is solely concerned about its own benefits and income with no sense of responsibility towards the society is more likely to attract the wrath of activist groups launching public campaigns against it, while simultaneously degrading its own image among the employees resulting in poor morale among them. The best companies of today are increasingly devoting time and resources towards worthwhile social causes. Donating money for charities while encouraging employees to engage in socially responsible activities has become a visible trend among businesses and a majority now realizes that the ethical behavior of a company towards society is just as important as making profits. While these profits are vital to the functioning of the company and cannot be ignored, companies are aware that responding to social obligations can create higher standards of living for people within and outside the company. How to inculcate Sustainable Development in the CSR Policy? How is India faring on the global CSR scene? </s>" <s> Companies have gradually accepted the relationship between good business policies and socially responsible business practices as obligatory today. A company perceived to be consciously accountable for the decisions it makes beyond the basic profit making is generally the one that is held in high regard among general public as well as its own employees. On the other hand, a company that is solely concerned about its own benefits and income with no sense of responsibility towards the society is more likely to attract the wrath of activist groups launching public campaigns against it, while simultaneously degrading its own image among the employees resulting in poor morale among them. The best companies of today are increasingly devoting time and resources towards worthwhile social causes. Donating money for charities while encouraging employees to engage in socially responsible activities has become a visible trend among businesses and a majority now realizes that the ethical behavior of a company towards society is just as important as making profits. While these profits are vital to the functioning of the company and cannot be ignored, companies are aware that responding to social obligations can create higher standards of living for people within and outside the company. How to inculcate Sustainable Development in the CSR Policy? How is India faring on the global CSR scene? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> I am a former midwife sharing years of knowledge with families, particularly around pregnancy childbirth and those early days. I can see people either at home or in my own studio in Forest Hill. I offer baby massage classes, first aid sessions, antenatal classes and breastfeeding support. I also provide dad's baby massage and co run a tongue tie clinic at my Forest Hill studio. </s>" <s> I am a former midwife sharing years of knowledge with families, particularly around pregnancy childbirth and those early days. I can see people either at home or in my own studio in Forest Hill. I offer baby massage classes, first aid sessions, antenatal classes and breastfeeding support. I also provide dad's baby massage and co run a tongue tie clinic at my Forest Hill studio. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> I have several guides in my life, and to each of them I am grateful. They create the peace that fills my heart and grounds my heels when my head is going in a thousand directions. My dear friend Mauricio is one of those. He’s the kind of person that makes you feel beautiful on the inside even when you are having a bad hair day. BTW: he’s my hair stylist. He’s also the one that told me about the El Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage—the journey that I will take as St. James did, with the clothes on my back, my soul in my body, my heart on the path, and only what I need in the moment. You never know when God will put a guide in your life but I believe they are everywhere. Mauricio is certainly one of them. Even though we see each other only every eight weeks, Mauricio knows me. For 45 minutes, he is a skilled master who makes me feel like a new person, both with his art and with his words. The transition from salon chair to Spain happened during such a 45-minute visit. As I sat, I told Mauricio that I was considering a big golfing trip, but that it sounded quite lonely and that I wasn’t certain if golf would fix my broken heart. To my surprise, Mauricio said, “Coleen, what you really need is a Pilgrimage. You need to consider El Camino de Santiago: The Way of St. James, in Spain.” Mauricio, who’s from Brazil, speaks with a heavy accent so no matter what he says or suggests it always sounds perfect. He said that it’s time for me to leave everything else behind and be in prayer. That God would put me in the perfect place at the perfect time, and regardless of my present challenges, there was a bigger plan at work than I could ever imagine. The planning for this trip began within three days of that conversation. Yes, the Internet helped, but so did connecting to friends of friends who have walked this before me. The synchronicity was astounding and splendid, letting me know that, like St. James, I was on the right path. With that, I welcome you to my journey and to whatever unfolds. If you would like me to carry a prayer for you or someone you know on my journey, please click hereto learn more about having your prayer delivered. We are each others’ guides, and I am most grateful for the direction and comfort that my connection to you provides me. </s>" <s> I have several guides in my life, and to each of them I am grateful. They create the peace that fills my heart and grounds my heels when my head is going in a thousand directions. My dear friend Mauricio is one of those. He’s the kind of person that makes you feel beautiful on the inside even when you are having a bad hair day. BTW: he’s my hair stylist. He’s also the one that told me about the El Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage—the journey that I will take as St. James did, with the clothes on my back, my soul in my body, my heart on the path, and only what I need in the moment. You never know when God will put a guide in your life but I believe they are everywhere. Mauricio is certainly one of them. Even though we see each other only every eight weeks, Mauricio knows me. For 45 minutes, he is a skilled master who makes me feel like a new person, both with his art and with his words. The transition from salon chair to Spain happened during such a 45-minute visit. As I sat, I told Mauricio that I was considering a big golfing trip, but that it sounded quite lonely and that I wasn’t certain if golf would fix my broken heart. To my surprise, Mauricio said, “Coleen, what you really need is a Pilgrimage. You need to consider El Camino de Santiago: The Way of St. James, in Spain.” Mauricio, who’s from Brazil, speaks with a heavy accent so no matter what he says or suggests it always sounds perfect. He said that it’s time for me to leave everything else behind and be in prayer. That God would put me in the perfect place at the perfect time, and regardless of my present challenges, there was a bigger plan at work than I could ever imagine. The planning for this trip began within three days of that conversation. Yes, the Internet helped, but so did connecting to friends of friends who have walked this before me. The synchronicity was astounding and splendid, letting me know that, like St. James, I was on the right path. With that, I welcome you to my journey and to whatever unfolds. If you would like me to carry a prayer for you or someone you know on my journey, please click hereto learn more about having your prayer delivered. We are each others’ guides, and I am most grateful for the direction and comfort that my connection to you provides me. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Welcome to Day 1 of the Virtual Advent Tour! I hope you had a lovely Thanksgiving, if you celebrated it, and a great final week of November if you didn’t. Today is the first day of December, and, as with any traditional paper Advent Calendar, it marks the first door of our 24-day calendar to be opened. What will we find behind each one? It will vary from destination to destination, so I urge you to visit each day to see what our bloggers have in store for you. Today’s host is Nan from Letters from a Hill Farm, who has a fun post about a different type of virtual Advent calendar (and cards). I promised a badge and have one now in 1200px and 400px. Let me know if you want a different size or need help downloading them. I am a night owl, so I’m writing these posts before I go to bed in the wee smalls and then scheduling them to go live between six and seven a.m. EST in the U.S. If posts are live at our destinations as I’m writing, I’ll share a direct link to that post and give you a teaser. If they aren’t, I’ll give you a link to the author’s blog and will try to update my post later in the day with more specifics. If there’s no Virtual Advent Tour post live when you stop by a site early (I know some of you are up way before the sun!), please check back later. It’ll be worth a return visit! If you are a day’s destination and like to receive feedback/have conversations with your visitors, please make it as easy as possible to comment on your post. We like to leave you notes, but don’t always have access if you have to log into some other site, like Facebook or Gmail, to comment. Obviously, though, that’s up to you, because I get how annoying spammers are. That’s it! See you back here tomorrow! As I learn about other free or low-cost Advent events around the web, I’ll let you know. If you hear of others, leave me a note in the comments and I’ll promote them. Courtney of Be More with Less is running her 31 Days of Gifts You So Deserve, an emailed Advent calendar of what looks to be quieter, low-cost suggestions for a balanced December. Category: christmas/holiday season. There is/are 2 Comments. </s>" <s> Welcome to Day 1 of the Virtual Advent Tour! I hope you had a lovely Thanksgiving, if you celebrated it, and a great final week of November if you didn’t. Today is the first day of December, and, as with any traditional paper Advent Calendar, it marks the first door of our 24-day calendar to be opened. What will we find behind each one? It will vary from destination to destination, so I urge you to visit each day to see what our bloggers have in store for you. Today’s host is Nan from Letters from a Hill Farm, who has a fun post about a different type of virtual Advent calendar (and cards). I promised a badge and have one now in 1200px and 400px. Let me know if you want a different size or need help downloading them. I am a night owl, so I’m writing these posts before I go to bed in the wee smalls and then scheduling them to go live between six and seven a.m. EST in the U.S. If posts are live at our destinations as I’m writing, I’ll share a direct link to that post and give you a teaser. If they aren’t, I’ll give you a link to the author’s blog and will try to update my post later in the day with more specifics. If there’s no Virtual Advent Tour post live when you stop by a site early (I know some of you are up way before the sun!), please check back later. It’ll be worth a return visit! If you are a day’s destination and like to receive feedback/have conversations with your visitors, please make it as easy as possible to comment on your post. We like to leave you notes, but don’t always have access if you have to log into some other site, like Facebook or Gmail, to comment. Obviously, though, that’s up to you, because I get how annoying spammers are. That’s it! See you back here tomorrow! As I learn about other free or low-cost Advent events around the web, I’ll let you know. If you hear of others, leave me a note in the comments and I’ll promote them. Courtney of Be More with Less is running her 31 Days of Gifts You So Deserve, an emailed Advent calendar of what looks to be quieter, low-cost suggestions for a balanced December. Category: christmas/holiday season. There is/are 2 Comments. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> First Aid: A first aid kit can be used to treat minor injuries and protect against more serious health threats in a disaster. Deluxe First Aid Kit - a combination of bandages/gauze, topical ointments, medicine, and other first aid items to assist with a variety of injuries Bandage First Aid Kit - handy for minor cuts Other: These items are useful for relieving stress and supporting activity under challenging conditions. Survival Playing Cards – 52 cards with valuable survival skills that will educate you in an emergency situation as well as keep you entertained. Emergency Survival Kit Information: This survival kit was designed using advice from experts in the emergency preparedness industry. It follows guidelines given by government agencies and non-profit preparedness organizations. This 5-person deluxe emergency kit has a retail value of $195. </s>" <s> First Aid: A first aid kit can be used to treat minor injuries and protect against more serious health threats in a disaster. Deluxe First Aid Kit - a combination of bandages/gauze, topical ointments, medicine, and other first aid items to assist with a variety of injuries Bandage First Aid Kit - handy for minor cuts Other: These items are useful for relieving stress and supporting activity under challenging conditions. Survival Playing Cards – 52 cards with valuable survival skills that will educate you in an emergency situation as well as keep you entertained. Emergency Survival Kit Information: This survival kit was designed using advice from experts in the emergency preparedness industry. It follows guidelines given by government agencies and non-profit preparedness organizations. This 5-person deluxe emergency kit has a retail value of $195. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Ellen Pompeo, Tracee Ellis Ross, and Busy Philipps join forces at the 2018 InStyle Awards! The 48-year-old Grey’s Anatomy actress, the 45-year-old Black‐ish star, and the 39-year-old I Feel Pretty actress stepped out for the event held at The Getty Center on Monday (October 22) in Los Angeles. Ellen looked chic in a navy blue one-shoulder top and trouser ensemble, Tracee turned heads in a pink and green floral gown with tassel details, and Busy showed some skin in a high-slit black, white, and yellow floral dress with a matching blazer. They were joined by Connie Britton, Chrissy Metz, Laverne Cox, Lizzy Caplan, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, wife Sam Taylor-Johnson, Alice Eve, and Allison Janney. FYI: Ellen is wearing Max Mara. Tracee is wearing Giambattista Valli Couture with Irene Neuwirth jewelry. Busy is wearing Off-White. Connie is wearing Irene Neuwirth jewelry. Chrissy is wearing an Eloquii custom skirt and blouse, Stuart Weitzman shoes, and Kallati earrings. Laverne is wearing Johanna Ortiz with Anabela Chan earrings. Lizzy is wearing Missoni. Aaron and Sam are wearing Givenchy. Alice is wearing Simone Rocha. Allison is wearing Antonio Marras with Tamara Mellon shoes, EF Collection and Norman Silverman Diamonds jewelry, and a Tyler Ellis clutch. Laverne Cox is on the cover of Self‘s latest issue, which is out now. For more from Laverne, head to Self.com. Laverne Cox is opening up about bullying as part of Spirit Day 2018. The 46-year-old Orange Is The New Black actress spoke out in a video for GLAAD ahead of the annual day against bullying. “I’ve been there. I was bullied severely as a kid. Recently, stuff in the media has brought up so much trauma from my youth of being bullied, of being assaulted...I didn’t think I would survive it. But I survived it, and right now I’m thriving,” she said in the emotional video. Spirit Day in a united stand against bullying and show of support for LGBTQ young people. For more information, head to GLAAD.org. Laverne Cox and Rosario Dawson pose together in a photo from the latest issue of Harper’s Bazaar, on newsstands October 23rd. The two actresses were also joined in the issue’s Women Who Dare feature by Jane Fonda, Patrisse Khan-Cullors, Gabrielle Giffords and Edna Chavez. For more from Laverne and Rosario, visit harpersbazaar.com. </s>" <s> Ellen Pompeo, Tracee Ellis Ross, and Busy Philipps join forces at the 2018 InStyle Awards! The 48-year-old Grey’s Anatomy actress, the 45-year-old Black‐ish star, and the 39-year-old I Feel Pretty actress stepped out for the event held at The Getty Center on Monday (October 22) in Los Angeles. Ellen looked chic in a navy blue one-shoulder top and trouser ensemble, Tracee turned heads in a pink and green floral gown with tassel details, and Busy showed some skin in a high-slit black, white, and yellow floral dress with a matching blazer. They were joined by Connie Britton, Chrissy Metz, Laverne Cox, Lizzy Caplan, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, wife Sam Taylor-Johnson, Alice Eve, and Allison Janney. FYI: Ellen is wearing Max Mara. Tracee is wearing Giambattista Valli Couture with Irene Neuwirth jewelry. Busy is wearing Off-White. Connie is wearing Irene Neuwirth jewelry. Chrissy is wearing an Eloquii custom skirt and blouse, Stuart Weitzman shoes, and Kallati earrings. Laverne is wearing Johanna Ortiz with Anabela Chan earrings. Lizzy is wearing Missoni. Aaron and Sam are wearing Givenchy. Alice is wearing Simone Rocha. Allison is wearing Antonio Marras with Tamara Mellon shoes, EF Collection and Norman Silverman Diamonds jewelry, and a Tyler Ellis clutch. Laverne Cox is on the cover of Self‘s latest issue, which is out now. For more from Laverne, head to Self.com. Laverne Cox is opening up about bullying as part of Spirit Day 2018. The 46-year-old Orange Is The New Black actress spoke out in a video for GLAAD ahead of the annual day against bullying. “I’ve been there. I was bullied severely as a kid. Recently, stuff in the media has brought up so much trauma from my youth of being bullied, of being assaulted...I didn’t think I would survive it. But I survived it, and right now I’m thriving,” she said in the emotional video. Spirit Day in a united stand against bullying and show of support for LGBTQ young people. For more information, head to GLAAD.org. Laverne Cox and Rosario Dawson pose together in a photo from the latest issue of Harper’s Bazaar, on newsstands October 23rd. The two actresses were also joined in the issue’s Women Who Dare feature by Jane Fonda, Patrisse Khan-Cullors, Gabrielle Giffords and Edna Chavez. For more from Laverne and Rosario, visit harpersbazaar.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> It was a little after 8 a.m. on July 28, 1954, when a park employee noticed a crack in the pavement of the Prospect Point viewing area next to the American Falls. The crack started about 40 feet upstream of the crest of the falls and ran parallel to the cliff edge for about 280 feet. The area was roped off and a crowd soon gathered to await the collapse of the point. Among the large crowd was photographer Frank O. Seed, who had captured the collapse of the Honeymoon Bridge in January of 1938. At 4:50 p.m. he captured on film the dramatic images of the collapse used in the animation below. It is estimated that 185,000 tones of rock tumbled into the gorge. Witnesses reported that a haze of rock dust and mist filled the gorge. A strong stench of sulphur was also reported. Using my digital camera, I obtained the three images used in the animation from a display in the Orin Lehman Visitors Center, located about 800 feet east of the point. I used PhotoFix to edit and enhance the photos, and then used GifBulider to create the animation. Copyright © 2015 by Scott A. Ensminger. </s>" <s> It was a little after 8 a.m. on July 28, 1954, when a park employee noticed a crack in the pavement of the Prospect Point viewing area next to the American Falls. The crack started about 40 feet upstream of the crest of the falls and ran parallel to the cliff edge for about 280 feet. The area was roped off and a crowd soon gathered to await the collapse of the point. Among the large crowd was photographer Frank O. Seed, who had captured the collapse of the Honeymoon Bridge in January of 1938. At 4:50 p.m. he captured on film the dramatic images of the collapse used in the animation below. It is estimated that 185,000 tones of rock tumbled into the gorge. Witnesses reported that a haze of rock dust and mist filled the gorge. A strong stench of sulphur was also reported. Using my digital camera, I obtained the three images used in the animation from a display in the Orin Lehman Visitors Center, located about 800 feet east of the point. I used PhotoFix to edit and enhance the photos, and then used GifBulider to create the animation. Copyright © 2015 by Scott A. Ensminger. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> FIVE EASY PIECES is a performance about the Belgian child murderer Marc Dutroux's life and crimes – told by children. In 1995 and 1996 Dutroux kidnapped, tortured and sexually abused six girls aged 8 to 19 years old, four of whom died. Through five simple exercises, short scenes and monologues, 7 children step into different roles: a police officer, Marc Dutroux's father, one of the parents of a dead girl and others who are all linked to one of the cruelest crimes in Belgium's history. Despite the dark and tragic focal point, the performance is both intelligent, charming, funny and extremely touching. </s>" <s> FIVE EASY PIECES is a performance about the Belgian child murderer Marc Dutroux's life and crimes – told by children. In 1995 and 1996 Dutroux kidnapped, tortured and sexually abused six girls aged 8 to 19 years old, four of whom died. Through five simple exercises, short scenes and monologues, 7 children step into different roles: a police officer, Marc Dutroux's father, one of the parents of a dead girl and others who are all linked to one of the cruelest crimes in Belgium's history. Despite the dark and tragic focal point, the performance is both intelligent, charming, funny and extremely touching. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> My Child has a Mental Illness & Will Not Take Medication | The Ashmore Law Firm, P.C. My son or daughter is diagnosed with a mental illness and refuses to take medication, what can I do? If he or she is a danger to himself or herself, or anyone else, call 911 or obtain a Mental Illness Warrant. If he or she meets the criteria, he or she will be taken to a hospital, which would begin the Mental Illness Commitment process. Part of this process will be to file an application for court ordered psychiatric medication. Keep in mind that he or she would have to meet the necessary criteria. Contact us for additional information on this process. </s>" <s> My Child has a Mental Illness & Will Not Take Medication | The Ashmore Law Firm, P.C. My son or daughter is diagnosed with a mental illness and refuses to take medication, what can I do? If he or she is a danger to himself or herself, or anyone else, call 911 or obtain a Mental Illness Warrant. If he or she meets the criteria, he or she will be taken to a hospital, which would begin the Mental Illness Commitment process. Part of this process will be to file an application for court ordered psychiatric medication. Keep in mind that he or she would have to meet the necessary criteria. Contact us for additional information on this process. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Returning the River Torrens to health could be hampered by a “lack of clarity about who is responsible for what”, according to the state’s Environment and Water Department, with the governance of the waterway a bureaucratic jumble of government agencies and private stakeholders. The State Government is standing by its vow to lift speed limits on a selection of country roads, despite a soaring road toll and the impending development of a new road safety strategy which will consider doing the opposite. Google affiliate Wing Aviation has received US federal approval allowing it to make commercial deliveries by drone, after conducting thousands of flights in Australia in recent years. Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek is certain Clive Palmer will not preference Labor amid reports the controversial businessman is on the verge of doing a deal with the coalition. US President Donald Trump has met with Twitter Inc’s Chief Executive Jack Dorsey, hours after attacking the social media company over his claims it is biased against conservatives. Since the end of the first world war, the Australian media has often reported that ‘the French’ care about, remember and even venerate the Anzacs. But is this true? And which French people, asks Romain Fathi. Transport Minister Stephan Knoll is promising improvements to Adelaide’s public transport system – which he says is among the worst in the world – despite the tender documents for the new bus contract stipulating a “notable reduction in subsidies”. A powerful 80-member lobby group consisting of South Australia’s best young business leaders and entrepreneurs is being proposed to help drive the state’s political and economic fortunes. </s>" <s> Returning the River Torrens to health could be hampered by a “lack of clarity about who is responsible for what”, according to the state’s Environment and Water Department, with the governance of the waterway a bureaucratic jumble of government agencies and private stakeholders. The State Government is standing by its vow to lift speed limits on a selection of country roads, despite a soaring road toll and the impending development of a new road safety strategy which will consider doing the opposite. Google affiliate Wing Aviation has received US federal approval allowing it to make commercial deliveries by drone, after conducting thousands of flights in Australia in recent years. Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek is certain Clive Palmer will not preference Labor amid reports the controversial businessman is on the verge of doing a deal with the coalition. US President Donald Trump has met with Twitter Inc’s Chief Executive Jack Dorsey, hours after attacking the social media company over his claims it is biased against conservatives. Since the end of the first world war, the Australian media has often reported that ‘the French’ care about, remember and even venerate the Anzacs. But is this true? And which French people, asks Romain Fathi. Transport Minister Stephan Knoll is promising improvements to Adelaide’s public transport system – which he says is among the worst in the world – despite the tender documents for the new bus contract stipulating a “notable reduction in subsidies”. A powerful 80-member lobby group consisting of South Australia’s best young business leaders and entrepreneurs is being proposed to help drive the state’s political and economic fortunes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> the dowdles: i want to win!! My sister has a friend who is doing a giveaway on her website, it's http://www.bubsiedesigns.com/. She is an awesome photographer, and also designs logos, holiday cards, etc. I think it would be really fun to win some custom made cards...don't you??? Go check it out! </s>" <s> the dowdles: i want to win!! My sister has a friend who is doing a giveaway on her website, it's http://www.bubsiedesigns.com/. She is an awesome photographer, and also designs logos, holiday cards, etc. I think it would be really fun to win some custom made cards...don't you??? Go check it out! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> A visual celebration of the art and artistry of the Olympic Games. One in a series of 5x5 color silkscreen posters Central Office's principals Max Erdenberger and Megan McGinley Designed for their show at ESA Gallery August 2016. Conceived designed and composed by Central Office produced by hand in Portland Oregon. </s>" <s> A visual celebration of the art and artistry of the Olympic Games. One in a series of 5x5 color silkscreen posters Central Office's principals Max Erdenberger and Megan McGinley Designed for their show at ESA Gallery August 2016. Conceived designed and composed by Central Office produced by hand in Portland Oregon. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> first-class loose kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books based on 345 votes satisfaction and prejudice via jane austen, fifty sun shades of gray via e.L. James, the emperor's facet by means of lindsay buroker, the adventur. Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader lets you read ebooks right away on your internet browser no kindle device required. e book of mormon lesson 42 ""that is my gospel"" lds residing. In each heart transplant recipient, the affected person’s very own frame recognizes the new, lifesaving coronary heart as “overseas” and begins to assault it. Left unchecked, the body. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle store literature &. Kindle ebooks save. The amazon kindle store offers a widespread selection of kindle ebooks so that you can indulge in your love of reading. Break out to any other world in a. Swimming in toys?! Right here are some nontoy christmas gift. · michelle says i really like to get a super deal and toys are some of the first-class deals out thereso rather than spoiling my very own children i've used my savings for. Kindle+books ebay. Find awesome offers on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Keep with self belief. The a hundred nice loose books for kindle digital tendencies. You should not continually need to pay for an excellent study. Here are our choices for the nice loose books for kindle that have fallen into public area or merchandising. Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader lets you study ebooks instantly to your web browser no kindle tool required. Kobold wikipedia. The kobold (on occasion cobold) is a sprite stemming from germanic mythology and surviving into modern times in german folklore. Although typically invisible, a kobold. Amazon kindle shop. Online purchasing from a superb choice at kindle keep shop. Amazon strive high kindle save abebooks books, art & collectibles acx audiobook publishing made clean. Amazon kindle android apps on google play. The kindle app puts tens of millions of books at your fingertips. It’s the app for each reader, whether you’re a e-book reader, mag reader, or newspaper. Finalists homepage scripps national spelling bee. Aisha's free time is full of playing with her dogs, studying, drawing, swimming and studying phrases. She additionally enjoys snowboarding, although she counts herself a novice. e-book lists & pointers for ages 810 mother and father. Professional recommendation on kids’s books & reading, arts & crafts, activities & college fulfillment. View the determine’s e-newsletter, articles, & weekly picks for preschool. Youngsters, books barnes & noble®. Read for free, now on serial reads. A horrible own family mystery threatens to smash all and sundry. Start analyzing. Kindle keep kindle books. Kindle books your high-quality kindle save for finding kindle books and add-ons. Ls2 % catalog. Log in with both your library card number or ez login. Library id (no spaces!) Or ez username ultimate name or ez password. Recollect me. Amazon kindle android apps on google play. The kindle app places thousands and thousands of books at your fingertips. It’s the app for every reader, whether you’re a ebook reader, magazine reader, or newspaper. Amazon determine (mosaic chronicles book 1) ebook. Determine (mosaic chronicles e-book 1) kindle edition via andrea pearson. Down load it once and read it on your kindle tool, laptop, telephones or capsules. Use functions like. Search harris county public library. Containing any of the phrases containing the phrase containing not one of the phrases. Eight mormons who have run for president lds dwelling. From joseph smith to mitt romney, mormons have had a long history with presidential races. However did you realize there had been eight mormons who made a bid to be the. Amazon kindle store. Online purchasing from a terrific choice at kindle store keep. Amazon attempt high kindle shop abebooks books, artwork & collectibles acx audiobook publishing made smooth. Kindle+books ebay. Locate extremely good offers on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Shop with self assurance. Amazon kindle. Kindle.Amazon is a internet site devoted to making reading higher through bringing readers together and via helping them to learn more from the books that they examine. listing of myth worlds wikipedia. That is a partial listing of fictional delusion worlds, in line with the medium they appear in. Wrath of the storm (mark of the thief #three) jennifer a. Wrath of the hurricane (mark of the thief #three) [jennifer a. Nielsen] on amazon. *loose* shipping on qualifying gives. Trouble has a way of seeking out nicolas calva. About spirit animals scholastic. Approximately shannon hale. Writer of spirit animals book four shannon hale is the big apple instances bestselling creator of the goose woman, rapunzel's revenge, ever after. Catalog.Metrolibrary ls2 percent. Log in with either your library card range or ez login. Library card quantity or ez username remaining call or ez password. Bear in mind me. Pleasant free kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books primarily based on 345 votes pleasure and prejudice by jane austen, fifty sun shades of grey through e.L. James, the emperor's area by means of lindsay buroker, the adventur. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle store literature &. Kindle ebooks save. The amazon kindle keep offers a enormous choice of kindle ebooks so you can indulge in your love of analyzing. Break out to some other world in a. 28 locations to get free kindle books thebalance. You can get loose kindle books in every genre and challenge. Find out the first-class places to go to download loose kindle books on your ebook reader. Empty shell television tropes. The empty shell trope as utilized in popular culture. This character is slightly a man or woman. For an expansion of motives, she or he has long gone beyond the acute. Spirit animals ebook 1 wild born. Input the world of erdas inside the spirit animals e book 1 wild born by using brandon mull. Discover your spirit animal and join the adventure within the video game. 28 places to get loose kindle books thebalance. You could get loose kindle books in each style and challenge. Find out the best locations to go to down load loose kindle books to your e-book reader. Amazon kindle. Kindle.Amazon is a internet site committed to creating analyzing better with the aid of bringing readers collectively and by means of assisting them to research extra from the books that they study. Well-known mormons ! You will in no way wager all about mormons. Well-known mormons. Many antimormons attempt to make humans think that mormons are “ordinary.” these antimormons don’t care an awful lot about the fact. Kindle shop kindle books. Kindle books your exceptional kindle keep for locating kindle books and accessories. The 100 excellent free books for kindle virtual tendencies. You shouldn't continually must pay for an excellent examine. Here are our selections for the high-quality free books for kindle which have fallen into public area or promotion. </s>" <s> first-class loose kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books based on 345 votes satisfaction and prejudice via jane austen, fifty sun shades of gray via e.L. James, the emperor's facet by means of lindsay buroker, the adventur. Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader lets you read ebooks right away on your internet browser no kindle device required. e book of mormon lesson 42 """that" is my "gospel""" lds residing. In each heart transplant recipient, the affected person’s very own frame recognizes the new, lifesaving coronary heart as “overseas” and begins to assault it. Left unchecked, the body. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle store literature &. Kindle ebooks save. The amazon kindle store offers a widespread selection of kindle ebooks so that you can indulge in your love of reading. Break out to any other world in a. Swimming in toys?! Right here are some nontoy christmas gift. · michelle says i really like to get a super deal and toys are some of the first-class deals out thereso rather than spoiling my very own children i've used my savings for. Kindle+books ebay. Find awesome offers on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Keep with self belief. The a hundred nice loose books for kindle digital tendencies. You should not continually need to pay for an excellent study. Here are our choices for the nice loose books for kindle that have fallen into public area or merchandising. Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader lets you study ebooks instantly to your web browser no kindle tool required. Kobold wikipedia. The kobold (on occasion cobold) is a sprite stemming from germanic mythology and surviving into modern times in german folklore. Although typically invisible, a kobold. Amazon kindle shop. Online purchasing from a superb choice at kindle keep shop. Amazon strive high kindle save abebooks books, art & collectibles acx audiobook publishing made clean. Amazon kindle android apps on google play. The kindle app puts tens of millions of books at your fingertips. It’s the app for each reader, whether you’re a e-book reader, mag reader, or newspaper. Finalists homepage scripps national spelling bee. Aisha's free time is full of playing with her dogs, studying, drawing, swimming and studying phrases. She additionally enjoys snowboarding, although she counts herself a novice. e-book lists & pointers for ages 810 mother and father. Professional recommendation on kids’s books & reading, arts & crafts, activities & college fulfillment. View the determine’s e-newsletter, articles, & weekly picks for preschool. Youngsters, books barnes & noble®. Read for free, now on serial reads. A horrible own family mystery threatens to smash all and sundry. Start analyzing. Kindle keep kindle books. Kindle books your high-quality kindle save for finding kindle books and add-ons. Ls2 % catalog. Log in with both your library card number or ez login. Library id (no spaces!) Or ez username ultimate name or ez password. Recollect me. Amazon kindle android apps on google play. The kindle app places thousands and thousands of books at your fingertips. It’s the app for every reader, whether you’re a ebook reader, magazine reader, or newspaper. Amazon determine (mosaic chronicles book 1) ebook. Determine (mosaic chronicles e-book 1) kindle edition via andrea pearson. Down load it once and read it on your kindle tool, laptop, telephones or capsules. Use functions like. Search harris county public library. Containing any of the phrases containing the phrase containing not one of the phrases. Eight mormons who have run for president lds dwelling. From joseph smith to mitt romney, mormons have had a long history with presidential races. However did you realize there had been eight mormons who made a bid to be the. Amazon kindle store. Online purchasing from a terrific choice at kindle store keep. Amazon attempt high kindle shop abebooks books, artwork & collectibles acx audiobook publishing made smooth. Kindle+books ebay. Locate extremely good offers on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Shop with self assurance. Amazon kindle. Kindle.Amazon is a internet site devoted to making reading higher through bringing readers together and via helping them to learn more from the books that they examine. listing of myth worlds wikipedia. That is a partial listing of fictional delusion worlds, in line with the medium they appear in. Wrath of the storm (mark of the thief #three) jennifer a. Wrath of the hurricane (mark of the thief #three) [jennifer a. Nielsen] on amazon. *loose* shipping on qualifying gives. Trouble has a way of seeking out nicolas calva. About spirit animals scholastic. Approximately shannon hale. Writer of spirit animals book four shannon hale is the big apple instances bestselling creator of the goose woman, rapunzel's revenge, ever after. Catalog.Metrolibrary ls2 percent. Log in with either your library card range or ez login. Library card quantity or ez username remaining call or ez password. Bear in mind me. Pleasant free kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books primarily based on 345 votes pleasure and prejudice by jane austen, fifty sun shades of grey through e.L. James, the emperor's area by means of lindsay buroker, the adventur. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle store literature &. Kindle ebooks save. The amazon kindle keep offers a enormous choice of kindle ebooks so you can indulge in your love of analyzing. Break out to some other world in a. 28 locations to get free kindle books thebalance. You can get loose kindle books in every genre and challenge. Find out the first-class places to go to download loose kindle books on your ebook reader. Empty shell television tropes. The empty shell trope as utilized in popular culture. This character is slightly a man or woman. For an expansion of motives, she or he has long gone beyond the acute. Spirit animals ebook 1 wild born. Input the world of erdas inside the spirit animals e book 1 wild born by using brandon mull. Discover your spirit animal and join the adventure within the video game. 28 places to get loose kindle books thebalance. You could get loose kindle books in each style and challenge. Find out the best locations to go to down load loose kindle books to your e-book reader. Amazon kindle. Kindle.Amazon is a internet site committed to creating analyzing better with the aid of bringing readers collectively and by means of assisting them to research extra from the books that they study. Well-known mormons ! You will in no way wager all about mormons. Well-known mormons. Many antimormons attempt to make humans think that mormons are “ordinary.” these antimormons don’t care an awful lot about the fact. Kindle shop kindle books. Kindle books your exceptional kindle keep for locating kindle books and accessories. The 100 excellent free books for kindle virtual tendencies. You shouldn't continually must pay for an excellent examine. Here are our selections for the high-quality free books for kindle which have fallen into public area or promotion. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The cursor blinks on a blank page. Several moments of struggling pass, and then a silence sets in that calls for the curtain to rise, for the performance to start. The keys click and clack as ten determined digits beat at them like drums. His muse takes him by the hands and together they dance on these fading letters. Sometimes they step on each other’s toes, but the beat does not stop. Letters flash into being, birthing words and fathering sentences. A period does not mean the end of an idea, but the beginning of another. Thoughts flow, not like a cliché river, but like rippling waves that the eyes can hear. Slowly, words begin to fill the waning white. As each keystroke conquers more of the page, he stops writing and starts painting. Somehow the canvas becomes coloured though his palette holds only black and white. All goes well. But then he stops. Sometimes a Pause comes to visit, the kind of guest he’d rather didn’t feel at home. He lets his hands come away from the keys and takes a sip of his coffee; the warmth quenches a voice thirsty to speak. Two fingers congregate at his temples, his usual prayer for an idea. He can feel the veins pulsing in sync with the still-blinking cursor. The cursor does not stop blinking. Not until he starts writing. He forces his fingers to type, to chase his nemesis away with words, words that may well be weak but he is desperate to fill the page and push away that accursed cursor. He makes the mistake of looking back and finds himself unhappy with what he sees, and feels something akin to a father’s disappointment. Why didn’t it turn out better? Where did he go wrong? He goes back to try to save it. Why won’t it do as he wants? It is frustrating work; work is what it becomes when the pleasure is scarce, a sad sentiment his muse shares. She loved the dance before, now her thoughts are elsewhere. His fingers begin to lose their feeling. He writes and rewrites and re-rewrites these same sentences— a circular salsa, the steps take him two forward and two back. He stands still. He goes to sip his coffee, tilting the cup all the way back; only a single drop falls to his lips. He looks into the empty circle through a pair of his own. I wrote this for a creative writing course, and tonight felt like a fitting time to post it. I thought to capture the different motions of the ride as we bang away at our keyboards: the passion, the boundless confidence, the near-god arrogance, the growing uncertainty, the inevitable wall, the salvaging, the defeat, the distance and the coffee. </s>" <s> The cursor blinks on a blank page. Several moments of struggling pass, and then a silence sets in that calls for the curtain to rise, for the performance to start. The keys click and clack as ten determined digits beat at them like drums. His muse takes him by the hands and together they dance on these fading letters. Sometimes they step on each other’s toes, but the beat does not stop. Letters flash into being, birthing words and fathering sentences. A period does not mean the end of an idea, but the beginning of another. Thoughts flow, not like a cliché river, but like rippling waves that the eyes can hear. Slowly, words begin to fill the waning white. As each keystroke conquers more of the page, he stops writing and starts painting. Somehow the canvas becomes coloured though his palette holds only black and white. All goes well. But then he stops. Sometimes a Pause comes to visit, the kind of guest he’d rather didn’t feel at home. He lets his hands come away from the keys and takes a sip of his coffee; the warmth quenches a voice thirsty to speak. Two fingers congregate at his temples, his usual prayer for an idea. He can feel the veins pulsing in sync with the still-blinking cursor. The cursor does not stop blinking. Not until he starts writing. He forces his fingers to type, to chase his nemesis away with words, words that may well be weak but he is desperate to fill the page and push away that accursed cursor. He makes the mistake of looking back and finds himself unhappy with what he sees, and feels something akin to a father’s disappointment. Why didn’t it turn out better? Where did he go wrong? He goes back to try to save it. Why won’t it do as he wants? It is frustrating work; work is what it becomes when the pleasure is scarce, a sad sentiment his muse shares. She loved the dance before, now her thoughts are elsewhere. His fingers begin to lose their feeling. He writes and rewrites and re-rewrites these same sentences— a circular salsa, the steps take him two forward and two back. He stands still. He goes to sip his coffee, tilting the cup all the way back; only a single drop falls to his lips. He looks into the empty circle through a pair of his own. I wrote this for a creative writing course, and tonight felt like a fitting time to post it. I thought to capture the different motions of the ride as we bang away at our keyboards: the passion, the boundless confidence, the near-god arrogance, the growing uncertainty, the inevitable wall, the salvaging, the defeat, the distance and the coffee. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> ‘Brasca’ is the pair of corduroy 90% wool and 10% nylon socks for the man who prefers to wear a classic style. If you’re trying to match your winter Velasca shoes, these are the most suitable companions you could think of. Merino wool will brush you all day long. To obtain dark blue color, firstly the cotton passes through some tanks to color the fabric. Afterwards, different color strings are used to weave the design in the machinery. To make a pair of socks, our artisans select the best quality on the market: 90% wool and 10% nylon. This fabric is heavier than others in our collection. </s>" <s> ‘Brasca’ is the pair of corduroy 90% wool and 10% nylon socks for the man who prefers to wear a classic style. If you’re trying to match your winter Velasca shoes, these are the most suitable companions you could think of. Merino wool will brush you all day long. To obtain dark blue color, firstly the cotton passes through some tanks to color the fabric. Afterwards, different color strings are used to weave the design in the machinery. To make a pair of socks, our artisans select the best quality on the market: 90% wool and 10% nylon. This fabric is heavier than others in our collection. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> The walls are roughcast, the windows are wood-framed with iron casements and the roofs are of red tiles. The Art and Architecture of C.F.A Voysey: English Pioneer Modernist. Link > Darby, Jonathan, ‘Discovering Oakhill’, The Orchard (no.2, 2013), pp.46-53. Link > Darby, Jonathan, ‘Oakhill discoveries’, The Orchard (no.4, 2015), pp.62-65. HILL GROVE CRESCENT 1. 5250 (south-east side) No 54 (Oakhill) SO 87 NW 2/54 18.10.74 II 2. 1899. Design by C F A Voysey for F J Mayers. Two storeys. Irregular fenestration. Rough rendered. Tiled roof. Central gabled projection with 5-light window; 4-light window to gabled left-hand section; casements, including one to right with leaded panes. A round-headed doorway. Rear elevation has deep eaves swept down between parapeted 2-storey canted bays with leaded lights; long rectangular casement windows to ground floor; French window. </s>" <s> The walls are roughcast, the windows are wood-framed with iron casements and the roofs are of red tiles. The Art and Architecture of C.F.A Voysey: English Pioneer Modernist. Link > Darby, Jonathan, ‘Discovering Oakhill’, The Orchard (no.2, 2013), pp.46-53. Link > Darby, Jonathan, ‘Oakhill discoveries’, The Orchard (no.4, 2015), pp.62-65. HILL GROVE CRESCENT 1. 5250 (south-east side) No 54 (Oakhill) SO 87 NW 2/54 18.10.74 II 2. 1899. Design by C F A Voysey for F J Mayers. Two storeys. Irregular fenestration. Rough rendered. Tiled roof. Central gabled projection with 5-light window; 4-light window to gabled left-hand section; casements, including one to right with leaded panes. A round-headed doorway. Rear elevation has deep eaves swept down between parapeted 2-storey canted bays with leaded lights; long rectangular casement windows to ground floor; French window. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> What are three benefits of using a few large-capacity LUNs instead of many small-capacity LUNs? /VMware / 2V0-622 / What are three benefits of using a few large-capacity LUNs instead of many small-capacity LUNs? Better performance because there is less contention for a single volume. More flexibility for resizing virtual disks. More flexibility to create virtual machines without adding new LUNs. Fewer VMFS datastores to manage. Which are three supported storage requirements for vCenter Server HA? Which are two possible causes for this? Which two tasks should a vSphere administrator perform if the vmkernel log reports VMFS metadata errors? </s>" <s> What are three benefits of using a few large-capacity LUNs instead of many small-capacity LUNs? /VMware / 2V0-622 / What are three benefits of using a few large-capacity LUNs instead of many small-capacity LUNs? Better performance because there is less contention for a single volume. More flexibility for resizing virtual disks. More flexibility to create virtual machines without adding new LUNs. Fewer VMFS datastores to manage. Which are three supported storage requirements for vCenter Server HA? Which are two possible causes for this? Which two tasks should a vSphere administrator perform if the vmkernel log reports VMFS metadata errors? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> The first item of business was election of officers for the year. Allin Cottrell was elected to a second term as chair, and Rhoda Channing volunteered to serve as secretary. The new WIN system and online registration were reviewed, and Jay Dominick ventured that the problems which caused the system crash and long delays have been resolved. Dean Escott asked about cutting the time needed for registration on the system. The status of IGN as the ISP of Wake Forest is being examined. An RFP is out for the replacement of IGN, but committee members praised IGN for its current performance. The university pays for unlimited use accounts, which amounts to overpaying, as the average use is 12 hours a month. There were special concerns about travel abroad and access to the internet. Outstanding issues from last year include the future of CourseInfo, and Dave Brown will be invited to the next CIT meeting to update the committee. 75 faculty members have been trained on CourseInfo and interest is high. Also unresolved is a career path for the Academic Computing Specialists. Kathy Fansler will be asked about any recent developments. Jay described the university's two approaches to file sharing: one is an internal plan, tentatively called ""Deaconfiles"" which will be set up for each course and the students enrolled in it; the other is with an external internet start up company that will give each person at WFU 25 MGs for storing files which can be shared. This year the CIT will be discussing next year's load, and the future of our laptop approach. Of great interest was the discussion of a program to sell seniors NEW Thinkpads in January, letting them trade in their machines at a rate commensurate with its condition. Students would be unwilling to deal with a swap in May. The Microsoft license can be transferred to graduating students for the first time, and faculty may also buy a license for home use. Some faculty were surprised by a a change in the permissions in the AC Files Home, that affected their access to their files. CIT members asked for advance notice. The load on the labs from debaters and summer programs participants was mentioned. The regular meeting time of the CIT will be every other Wednesday morning at 8:30am. </s>" <s> The first item of business was election of officers for the year. Allin Cottrell was elected to a second term as chair, and Rhoda Channing volunteered to serve as secretary. The new WIN system and online registration were reviewed, and Jay Dominick ventured that the problems which caused the system crash and long delays have been resolved. Dean Escott asked about cutting the time needed for registration on the system. The status of IGN as the ISP of Wake Forest is being examined. An RFP is out for the replacement of IGN, but committee members praised IGN for its current performance. The university pays for unlimited use accounts, which amounts to overpaying, as the average use is 12 hours a month. There were special concerns about travel abroad and access to the internet. Outstanding issues from last year include the future of CourseInfo, and Dave Brown will be invited to the next CIT meeting to update the committee. 75 faculty members have been trained on CourseInfo and interest is high. Also unresolved is a career path for the Academic Computing Specialists. Kathy Fansler will be asked about any recent developments. Jay described the university's two approaches to file sharing: one is an internal plan, tentatively called """Deaconfiles""" which will be set up for each course and the students enrolled in it; the other is with an external internet start up company that will give each person at WFU 25 MGs for storing files which can be shared. This year the CIT will be discussing next year's load, and the future of our laptop approach. Of great interest was the discussion of a program to sell seniors NEW Thinkpads in January, letting them trade in their machines at a rate commensurate with its condition. Students would be unwilling to deal with a swap in May. The Microsoft license can be transferred to graduating students for the first time, and faculty may also buy a license for home use. Some faculty were surprised by a a change in the permissions in the AC Files Home, that affected their access to their files. CIT members asked for advance notice. The load on the labs from debaters and summer programs participants was mentioned. The regular meeting time of the CIT will be every other Wednesday morning at 8:30am. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Boylan Point Agency offers a full range of services, from art direction, illustration and design to layout, production and print management. Our graphic design encompasses projects of all sizes, from point of purchase materials to billboards. The work we have provided can be found in national, regional and local publications and on the World Wide Web. We offer a team of professionals with enough accumulated experience to provide creative solutions for any project. Services provided include corporate / business identity systems, product catalogs, collateral support, print graphics and web design. We broker all of our print projects. Working with a variety of presses, both locally and across the country, we can find the right solution for any printing need you may have. From custom stock and die-cut presentation folders and oversize brochures or catalogs to banners, business cards, matchbooks and mugs – we have the solution when it comes to printing and can work within your budget. </s>" <s> Boylan Point Agency offers a full range of services, from art direction, illustration and design to layout, production and print management. Our graphic design encompasses projects of all sizes, from point of purchase materials to billboards. The work we have provided can be found in national, regional and local publications and on the World Wide Web. We offer a team of professionals with enough accumulated experience to provide creative solutions for any project. Services provided include corporate / business identity systems, product catalogs, collateral support, print graphics and web design. We broker all of our print projects. Working with a variety of presses, both locally and across the country, we can find the right solution for any printing need you may have. From custom stock and die-cut presentation folders and oversize brochures or catalogs to banners, business cards, matchbooks and mugs – we have the solution when it comes to printing and can work within your budget. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Sliding waste sorting system with two 10 litre bins and a small bin for hazardous waste. Minimun cupboard width is 30 cm. Tip! You can add bio lid with the bin. Bio lid includes an active carbon filter and removes odours from the biowaste bin. </s>" <s> Sliding waste sorting system with two 10 litre bins and a small bin for hazardous waste. Minimun cupboard width is 30 cm. Tip! You can add bio lid with the bin. Bio lid includes an active carbon filter and removes odours from the biowaste bin. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Although there are several types of crowns, porcelain (tooth colored crown) are quite popular if the correct clinical requirements exist. They are highly durable and can last many years, but like most dental restorations, they may eventually need to be replaced. Porcelain crowns are made to match the shape, size, and color of your teeth, giving you a long-lasting, beautiful smile. While the tooth is numb, our dental team will prepare the tooth by removing any decay and shaping the surface to properly fit the crown. At your second appointment, your temporary crown will be removed, the tooth will be cleaned, and your new crown will be carefully placed to ensure the spacing and bite are accurate. </s>" <s> Although there are several types of crowns, porcelain (tooth colored crown) are quite popular if the correct clinical requirements exist. They are highly durable and can last many years, but like most dental restorations, they may eventually need to be replaced. Porcelain crowns are made to match the shape, size, and color of your teeth, giving you a long-lasting, beautiful smile. While the tooth is numb, our dental team will prepare the tooth by removing any decay and shaping the surface to properly fit the crown. At your second appointment, your temporary crown will be removed, the tooth will be cleaned, and your new crown will be carefully placed to ensure the spacing and bite are accurate. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Examine differences in intermediate diabetes outcomes among patients of physician, nurse practitioner (NP), or physician assistant (PA) primary care providers (PCPs). The study included pharmaceutically-treated VA diabetes patients receiving primary care in 2012 and 2013. A patient's PCP was defined as the provider most often visited in the primary care clinic in 2012 and 2013. We examined the relationship between the profession of the PCP and both continuous level and dichotomous control of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) based on the mean of outcome measurements in 2013. To reduce the potential for selection bias among professions, we utilized inverse probability of PCP type weighting (propensity score analysis) by gender, age, race, ethnicity, marital status, homelessness, co-pay status, mental health diagnoses, health status (diagnostic cost group [DCG] score), travel distance, availability of specialized diabetes services at the VA, rurality, and U.S. region. Hierarchical linear mixed models with random intercepts to account for clustering by facility and PCP were used to analyze continuous outcomes. Logistic regression models fit with generalized estimating equations and an exchangeable correlation structure and empirical standard errors, to account for clustering within facility, were fit to dichotomous control outcomes. The sample included 368,481 patients from 568 facilities. PCPs were physicians, NPs, and PAs for 75.0%, 18.1%, and 6.9% of patients respectively. No clinically-significant differences (based on a priori thresholds) were observed between outcomes of patients for physicians, NPs, and PAs. Compared to physicians: 1) HbA1c differences were -0.05% (95%CI = -0.07:-0.03) for NPs and 0.01% (95%CI = -0.02:0.03) for PAs; 2) SBP differences were -0.27mmHg (95%CI = -0.46:-0.08) for NPs and -0.29mmHg (95%CI = -0.54:-0.03) for PAs; and 3) LDL-C differences were 1.04mg/dl (95%CI = 0.60:1.48) for NPs and 1.81mg/dl (95%CI = 1.22:2.41) for PAs. There were no clinically-significant differences in the dichotomized control of the three outcomes. Results held when examining only patients on insulin or with DCG scores > 2.0. We observed no clinically-significant variation among key diabetes outcomes based on the profession of the patient's PCP. VA has recently expanded NP scope of practice. Our study suggests that similar chronic illness outcomes may be achieved by physician, NP, and PA PCPs. </s>" <s> Examine differences in intermediate diabetes outcomes among patients of physician, nurse practitioner (NP), or physician assistant (PA) primary care providers (PCPs). The study included pharmaceutically-treated VA diabetes patients receiving primary care in 2012 and 2013. A patient's PCP was defined as the provider most often visited in the primary care clinic in 2012 and 2013. We examined the relationship between the profession of the PCP and both continuous level and dichotomous control of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) based on the mean of outcome measurements in 2013. To reduce the potential for selection bias among professions, we utilized inverse probability of PCP type weighting (propensity score analysis) by gender, age, race, ethnicity, marital status, homelessness, co-pay status, mental health diagnoses, health status (diagnostic cost group [DCG] score), travel distance, availability of specialized diabetes services at the VA, rurality, and U.S. region. Hierarchical linear mixed models with random intercepts to account for clustering by facility and PCP were used to analyze continuous outcomes. Logistic regression models fit with generalized estimating equations and an exchangeable correlation structure and empirical standard errors, to account for clustering within facility, were fit to dichotomous control outcomes. The sample included 368,481 patients from 568 facilities. PCPs were physicians, NPs, and PAs for 75.0%, 18.1%, and 6.9% of patients respectively. No clinically-significant differences (based on a priori thresholds) were observed between outcomes of patients for physicians, NPs, and PAs. Compared to physicians: 1) HbA1c differences were -0.05% (95%CI = -0.07:-0.03) for NPs and 0.01% (95%CI = -0.02:0.03) for PAs; 2) SBP differences were -0.27mmHg (95%CI = -0.46:-0.08) for NPs and -0.29mmHg (95%CI = -0.54:-0.03) for PAs; and 3) LDL-C differences were 1.04mg/dl (95%CI = 0.60:1.48) for NPs and 1.81mg/dl (95%CI = 1.22:2.41) for PAs. There were no clinically-significant differences in the dichotomized control of the three outcomes. Results held when examining only patients on insulin or with DCG scores > 2.0. We observed no clinically-significant variation among key diabetes outcomes based on the profession of the patient's PCP. VA has recently expanded NP scope of practice. Our study suggests that similar chronic illness outcomes may be achieved by physician, NP, and PA PCPs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> According to the research published by the science journal Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, we (the human beings) have a natural tendency to select people with general skills when specialized skills are required. The research, conducted by Long Wang of the City University of Hong Kong and J. Keith Murnighan of Northwestern University, suggested that a Specialist might be someone who can do one thing – but do it really well. Yes, gone are the days when one person could do everything. Specialists are required in every sphere of life these days – from the Business World to Organized Sports, from Data Science & Big Data Analytics to Medical Surgeries, and from Personality Grooming & Image Consulting to College Admissions Counseling. There is no dearth of information, insights, and help. Then, there is a High School Counselor. So, why hire a professional college admission counselor? In one way, it’s like hiring a tutor or sending your kid to a coaching center even though the kids have got school teachers – to get expert, personalized and specialist guidance (basically, services). But, isn’t the cost of hiring an external professional college admission counselor too much for the Indian parents? Yes, there is definitely a cost and a significant one. But, not seeking specialist help or hiring the wrong admission consultant might cost you more in the long-run. A 4-year undergraduate degree from the US will anyway cost you something between INR 60 Lacs to 2 Crores. The majority of professional college admission counselors charge around INR 1.5 Lacs to 12 Lacs. If you work with the right (not necessarily the best) admission counselor, you could save INR 15 – 50 Lacs in the form of financial aid & scholarships. Please be advised that the high price tag of a counselor doesn’t guarantee admission to the Ivy League Schools or the Elite Colleges. Similarly, the lowest price doesn’t necessarily mean the services are of the lowest quality in the market. It’s all about the right-fit and customization. But, we are not exclusively aiming Ivy Leagues and/or Elite Colleges. Why should we opt for premium college admission counseling? Hiring an independent college admission counselor is not only about sending your kid to prestigious schools like Stanford, Princeton, Harvard, Cambridge or Oxford. College admission counselors DO NOT possess any Magic Wand. As a parent, you should hire an admission consultant if you want to send your child to choose the best possible career path by attending the right college. There are more than 100 Tier-1 Colleges across the USA. People hardly know about the good colleges that are lesser known. Additionally, many public schools also offer generous scholarships to international students. So, how to identify, decide, and get admission to those colleges with the required amount of financial aid? This is where the specialist college admission counselors will help you. Now let’s see what parents and students, who worked with professional college admission counselors, have to say about the college admission counseling services. Please note – these are the feedback from the Parents (and Students) who worked with Team Stoodnt. We are not saying that you must hire us (well, if you do, we would be more than happy). The idea behind this article is to give you insights into hiring and working with independent & professional admission consultants. Feedback from Sanjay Malhotra, Father of Ruchit Malhotra – who got admits in UC Riverside, UC Boulder, and few others. How did Team Stoodnt help the student with the understanding of US college admission process? Team Stoodnt helped us to make critical and important decisions with respect to the admission of my son, usually everyone is an expert and you get all sorts of sharing of experiences/advise, Google is full of advice and answers, however, each case and every individual is different and often such experiences of others do not apply or are unfit in your case. We were fortunate to be guided by Stoodnt in an extremely professional and intelligent manner, their advice is tailor-made and customized to your individual case and on each occasion, we derived value from their advice. Stoodnt had a tailor-made program for my son which was thoroughly discussed and made almost fool-proof from their rich experience in the subject. The experience and help from Stoodnt brought out the best in Ruchit, they don’t have a copy and paste solution but know how to guide you and extract the best out of you. If they faced any issues with remote counseling? After all, the majority of Stoodnt Counselors are based out of the US, Canada, Singapore, UK etc. No, rather it saved time in terms of local commuting and we received authentic advice without venturing out of our house. Did you find any add-on value in comparison to School Counselors and/or Conventional Study Abroad Counselors? Absolutely and completely!!, the value addition is world class, I have booked Stoodnt for counseling the next child in our house. Related Article: Why Universities in California Offer Great Value to International Students Looking to Study in the USA? How did Team Stoodnt help you with profile building? Team Stoodnt helped me build my profile by advising me on how to present my achievements, and what parts of my profile to showcase and which ones aren’t relevant enough to help me out in the admission process. I was looking at colleges in locally in the state of California before Stoodnt and didn’t know anything about out of state colleges, but Universities within the State of California had tuition prices which would have been hard to afford as an International Student. Stoodnt helped me find affordable and good study options outside California. The team at Stoodnt was very responsive and helpful in the process of me writing the College Admission Essays. They were willing to work and critique my essays and helping me show my best self, and reflecting upon things I did wrong. Did you face any issues with remote (online) counseling? The amazing counseling services provided by Stoodnt didn’t leave me with any negative experiences. Did you find any add-on value in comparison to School Counselors and/or Traditional Study Abroad Counselors? While School Counselors are good, they often operate in a very local sphere of influence, which often leads them to miss out on opportunities outside the sphere, namely the State of California, in my case. I found Stoodnt’s one on one counseling sessions very helpful, something that most School Counselors were not able to provide their students. Experience with the Overall Process (PathFinder + SAT/ACT Prep + College Admission Counselling) and the Counselors. My overall experience with Stoodnt was amazing, the helpful and responsive counselors, along with the College matching service, which helped me find an affordable University with Quality Education. I would recommend Stoodnt to every high school senior, who’s feeling lost in the college admission process. Want to Speak to a College Admission Counselor? Book a Personalized Session (30/60-Minutes)! When I planned US education for my daughter Minal Chawla the first time the prospect of applying for the universities in the US looked very daunting but then I got to know about Stoodnt through a seminar conducted by Richa mam and I was really impressed by their services and decided this as the right place for my daughter Minal. My association with the Stoodnt team has been an overwhelmingly positive experience. Richa mam, yuri sir and Tandra mam all helped Minal to identify her carrier interest, conducted multiple counseling sessions to plan the applications to various universities. With their guidance she received acceptance letters from all the universities she applied to and finally, my daughter selected Stony Brook University at the United States. I have started my college at Stony Brook University and today was the first day of my classes which went well. I am going to keep Biology as my major and I am dorming on campus. I sincerely want to thank you all for your guidance, support, and encouragement throughout the admission process. Thank you for always guiding me through this and without your support I wouldn’t have been able to reach here. As we wait to board our flight to the US, I want to thank each one of you for your support, encouragement, advice, feedback, and inputs in refining the essays and always being available for making Aditi’s dream come true. JHU was one of her dream schools for the longest time. Anjali, thanks for understanding Aditi, her likes, dislikes, mood, and preferences, essentially what makes her tick to be able to draw the college list that would suit her personality the best. Over the last one year, you became a close friend who she never hesitated to reach out to. As you can see, each kid had a different profile, different aspirations and varying needs of college admission guidance they needed. Team Stoodnt was able to help students from Ivy League aspirations to students who wanted to study at good public universities, US or across the world. The number of Indian students enrolled in the US increased from 50 thousand in 1995 to about 150 thousand in 2015. The acceptance rates at the top colleges are getting to single digits. In contrast, there are many other top-notch colleges (with generous financial aid for international students) that people don’t know about. For example, if you are looking for the top engineering schools in the US for undergraduate studies, colleges like Harvey Mudd or the Cooper Union are placed over Harvard for undergraduate education in engineering in the US (U.S. News). Getting into top schools with a strong brand name is good. But, there is no point in chasing after them blindly; and definitely not by paying $10,000 to highly-sought after consultants. At the same time, don’t ignore admission consulting altogether. Rankings and reputation are important, but up to a certain extent. Don’t just apply to the known college names. There are hundreds of good colleges, but a few that may be the ones which fit your interest, profile and where you may have a good shot of admissions. Working with professional admission consultants could be a great way forward. At Stoodnt, we put the maximum emphasis on WHAT’S RIGHT FOR THE STUDENT. Additionally, we provide personalized guidance services according to the kid’s requirements. At the same time, we do also take care of your budget for admission consulting services. We are not among the cheapest admission counseling firms in the market, neither the most expensive ones. We have packages that range from $2,500 to $5,000 for comprehensive guidance. Similarly, we also provide byte-size customized services that cost as low as $500. Need college admission guidance for your child? Get in touch with us! </s>" <s> According to the research published by the science journal Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, we (the human beings) have a natural tendency to select people with general skills when specialized skills are required. The research, conducted by Long Wang of the City University of Hong Kong and J. Keith Murnighan of Northwestern University, suggested that a Specialist might be someone who can do one thing – but do it really well. Yes, gone are the days when one person could do everything. Specialists are required in every sphere of life these days – from the Business World to Organized Sports, from Data Science & Big Data Analytics to Medical Surgeries, and from Personality Grooming & Image Consulting to College Admissions Counseling. There is no dearth of information, insights, and help. Then, there is a High School Counselor. So, why hire a professional college admission counselor? In one way, it’s like hiring a tutor or sending your kid to a coaching center even though the kids have got school teachers – to get expert, personalized and specialist guidance (basically, services). But, isn’t the cost of hiring an external professional college admission counselor too much for the Indian parents? Yes, there is definitely a cost and a significant one. But, not seeking specialist help or hiring the wrong admission consultant might cost you more in the long-run. A 4-year undergraduate degree from the US will anyway cost you something between INR 60 Lacs to 2 Crores. The majority of professional college admission counselors charge around INR 1.5 Lacs to 12 Lacs. If you work with the right (not necessarily the best) admission counselor, you could save INR 15 – 50 Lacs in the form of financial aid & scholarships. Please be advised that the high price tag of a counselor doesn’t guarantee admission to the Ivy League Schools or the Elite Colleges. Similarly, the lowest price doesn’t necessarily mean the services are of the lowest quality in the market. It’s all about the right-fit and customization. But, we are not exclusively aiming Ivy Leagues and/or Elite Colleges. Why should we opt for premium college admission counseling? Hiring an independent college admission counselor is not only about sending your kid to prestigious schools like Stanford, Princeton, Harvard, Cambridge or Oxford. College admission counselors DO NOT possess any Magic Wand. As a parent, you should hire an admission consultant if you want to send your child to choose the best possible career path by attending the right college. There are more than 100 Tier-1 Colleges across the USA. People hardly know about the good colleges that are lesser known. Additionally, many public schools also offer generous scholarships to international students. So, how to identify, decide, and get admission to those colleges with the required amount of financial aid? This is where the specialist college admission counselors will help you. Now let’s see what parents and students, who worked with professional college admission counselors, have to say about the college admission counseling services. Please note – these are the feedback from the Parents (and Students) who worked with Team Stoodnt. We are not saying that you must hire us (well, if you do, we would be more than happy). The idea behind this article is to give you insights into hiring and working with independent & professional admission consultants. Feedback from Sanjay Malhotra, Father of Ruchit Malhotra – who got admits in UC Riverside, UC Boulder, and few others. How did Team Stoodnt help the student with the understanding of US college admission process? Team Stoodnt helped us to make critical and important decisions with respect to the admission of my son, usually everyone is an expert and you get all sorts of sharing of experiences/advise, Google is full of advice and answers, however, each case and every individual is different and often such experiences of others do not apply or are unfit in your case. We were fortunate to be guided by Stoodnt in an extremely professional and intelligent manner, their advice is tailor-made and customized to your individual case and on each occasion, we derived value from their advice. Stoodnt had a tailor-made program for my son which was thoroughly discussed and made almost fool-proof from their rich experience in the subject. The experience and help from Stoodnt brought out the best in Ruchit, they don’t have a copy and paste solution but know how to guide you and extract the best out of you. If they faced any issues with remote counseling? After all, the majority of Stoodnt Counselors are based out of the US, Canada, Singapore, UK etc. No, rather it saved time in terms of local commuting and we received authentic advice without venturing out of our house. Did you find any add-on value in comparison to School Counselors and/or Conventional Study Abroad Counselors? Absolutely and completely!!, the value addition is world class, I have booked Stoodnt for counseling the next child in our house. Related Article: Why Universities in California Offer Great Value to International Students Looking to Study in the USA? How did Team Stoodnt help you with profile building? Team Stoodnt helped me build my profile by advising me on how to present my achievements, and what parts of my profile to showcase and which ones aren’t relevant enough to help me out in the admission process. I was looking at colleges in locally in the state of California before Stoodnt and didn’t know anything about out of state colleges, but Universities within the State of California had tuition prices which would have been hard to afford as an International Student. Stoodnt helped me find affordable and good study options outside California. The team at Stoodnt was very responsive and helpful in the process of me writing the College Admission Essays. They were willing to work and critique my essays and helping me show my best self, and reflecting upon things I did wrong. Did you face any issues with remote (online) counseling? The amazing counseling services provided by Stoodnt didn’t leave me with any negative experiences. Did you find any add-on value in comparison to School Counselors and/or Traditional Study Abroad Counselors? While School Counselors are good, they often operate in a very local sphere of influence, which often leads them to miss out on opportunities outside the sphere, namely the State of California, in my case. I found Stoodnt’s one on one counseling sessions very helpful, something that most School Counselors were not able to provide their students. Experience with the Overall Process (PathFinder + SAT/ACT Prep + College Admission Counselling) and the Counselors. My overall experience with Stoodnt was amazing, the helpful and responsive counselors, along with the College matching service, which helped me find an affordable University with Quality Education. I would recommend Stoodnt to every high school senior, who’s feeling lost in the college admission process. Want to Speak to a College Admission Counselor? Book a Personalized Session (30/60-Minutes)! When I planned US education for my daughter Minal Chawla the first time the prospect of applying for the universities in the US looked very daunting but then I got to know about Stoodnt through a seminar conducted by Richa mam and I was really impressed by their services and decided this as the right place for my daughter Minal. My association with the Stoodnt team has been an overwhelmingly positive experience. Richa mam, yuri sir and Tandra mam all helped Minal to identify her carrier interest, conducted multiple counseling sessions to plan the applications to various universities. With their guidance she received acceptance letters from all the universities she applied to and finally, my daughter selected Stony Brook University at the United States. I have started my college at Stony Brook University and today was the first day of my classes which went well. I am going to keep Biology as my major and I am dorming on campus. I sincerely want to thank you all for your guidance, support, and encouragement throughout the admission process. Thank you for always guiding me through this and without your support I wouldn’t have been able to reach here. As we wait to board our flight to the US, I want to thank each one of you for your support, encouragement, advice, feedback, and inputs in refining the essays and always being available for making Aditi’s dream come true. JHU was one of her dream schools for the longest time. Anjali, thanks for understanding Aditi, her likes, dislikes, mood, and preferences, essentially what makes her tick to be able to draw the college list that would suit her personality the best. Over the last one year, you became a close friend who she never hesitated to reach out to. As you can see, each kid had a different profile, different aspirations and varying needs of college admission guidance they needed. Team Stoodnt was able to help students from Ivy League aspirations to students who wanted to study at good public universities, US or across the world. The number of Indian students enrolled in the US increased from 50 thousand in 1995 to about 150 thousand in 2015. The acceptance rates at the top colleges are getting to single digits. In contrast, there are many other top-notch colleges (with generous financial aid for international students) that people don’t know about. For example, if you are looking for the top engineering schools in the US for undergraduate studies, colleges like Harvey Mudd or the Cooper Union are placed over Harvard for undergraduate education in engineering in the US (U.S. News). Getting into top schools with a strong brand name is good. But, there is no point in chasing after them blindly; and definitely not by paying $10,000 to highly-sought after consultants. At the same time, don’t ignore admission consulting altogether. Rankings and reputation are important, but up to a certain extent. Don’t just apply to the known college names. There are hundreds of good colleges, but a few that may be the ones which fit your interest, profile and where you may have a good shot of admissions. Working with professional admission consultants could be a great way forward. At Stoodnt, we put the maximum emphasis on WHAT’S RIGHT FOR THE STUDENT. Additionally, we provide personalized guidance services according to the kid’s requirements. At the same time, we do also take care of your budget for admission consulting services. We are not among the cheapest admission counseling firms in the market, neither the most expensive ones. We have packages that range from $2,500 to $5,000 for comprehensive guidance. Similarly, we also provide byte-size customized services that cost as low as $500. Need college admission guidance for your child? Get in touch with us! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Greivis Vasquez, a 6-6 shooting guard from Venezuela had the game of his life and the Maryland Terrapins needed every bit of it. Vasquez registered a triple double with a career high 35 points as well as 11 rebounds, and 10 assists to lead the Terrapins over the #3 ranked North Carolina Tarheels in overtime, 88-85. “I’ve played big-time games at Maryland, but I put that game on the top,” said Vasquez. Vasquez was spectacular. The 22-year old junior started out the game by scoring Maryland’s first 16 points (in 6 1/2 minutes), and ended the game with five points in the final 1:15, including a crucial three-pointer, to help Maryland rally from 16 points down, and were down 9 points with just two minutes remaining in regulation. “He’s got that Juan Dixon and Steve Blake toughness about him, where he believes he can do anything, where he’s not backing down no matter whom he’s playing or what the situation is. Greivis has got that.” said Maryland coach Gary Williams. His triple-double was the third in Maryland’s history and the first since Derrick Lewis did it twice in 1987. Vasquez nearly accomplished a triple double recently when he finished with 11 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists against Miami on January 31st, 2009. Vasquez got help from Cliff Tucker who finished with 22 points on 8-for-12 shooting. Ty Lawson led the Tar Heels with 24 points, Danny Green had 18, and Tyler Hansborough had 11 points and 11 rebounds. Emotional and thick-skinned, Vasquez was born in Caracas, Venezuela. At age 17, Greivis came to the United States to attend Montrose Christian School where he would play alongside Kevin Durant and accumulate a 43-5 record over his his junior and senior seasons. Vasquez would commit to Maryland and play solid minutes during his freshman year before exploding his sophomore year 17 points, 6.8 assists, and 5.7 rebounds per game and honored as an all-conference player. Greivis played on the Venezuela’s national team during the 2007 FIBA America Championships. </s>" <s> Greivis Vasquez, a 6-6 shooting guard from Venezuela had the game of his life and the Maryland Terrapins needed every bit of it. Vasquez registered a triple double with a career high 35 points as well as 11 rebounds, and 10 assists to lead the Terrapins over the #3 ranked North Carolina Tarheels in overtime, 88-85. “I’ve played big-time games at Maryland, but I put that game on the top,” said Vasquez. Vasquez was spectacular. The 22-year old junior started out the game by scoring Maryland’s first 16 points (in 6 1/2 minutes), and ended the game with five points in the final 1:15, including a crucial three-pointer, to help Maryland rally from 16 points down, and were down 9 points with just two minutes remaining in regulation. “He’s got that Juan Dixon and Steve Blake toughness about him, where he believes he can do anything, where he’s not backing down no matter whom he’s playing or what the situation is. Greivis has got that.” said Maryland coach Gary Williams. His triple-double was the third in Maryland’s history and the first since Derrick Lewis did it twice in 1987. Vasquez nearly accomplished a triple double recently when he finished with 11 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists against Miami on January 31st, 2009. Vasquez got help from Cliff Tucker who finished with 22 points on 8-for-12 shooting. Ty Lawson led the Tar Heels with 24 points, Danny Green had 18, and Tyler Hansborough had 11 points and 11 rebounds. Emotional and thick-skinned, Vasquez was born in Caracas, Venezuela. At age 17, Greivis came to the United States to attend Montrose Christian School where he would play alongside Kevin Durant and accumulate a 43-5 record over his his junior and senior seasons. Vasquez would commit to Maryland and play solid minutes during his freshman year before exploding his sophomore year 17 points, 6.8 assists, and 5.7 rebounds per game and honored as an all-conference player. Greivis played on the Venezuela’s national team during the 2007 FIBA America Championships. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> ALDImobile is an exclusive mobile product for ALDI supermarkets and is available nationwide in over 500 stores and online. This is the first mobile launch for ALDI outside the European market allowing Australian ALDI customers to take advantage of a ‘smarter mobile service’. ALDImobile is a high quality service with low call rates and flexible options. ALDI has already successfully implemented mobile products in Germany, Netherlands and Belgium. MEDION, who have a long standing relationship with ALDI supplying hardware worldwide, have extensively researched the Australian mobile market to develop a unique and flexible low cost, long validity pre-paid product. MEDION has over 25 years' experience in providing customers functional products of quality featuring outstanding design and excellent value for money. MEDION pursues a best value strategy when designing its products to ensure that consumers get the high-quality, reasonably priced items they want. The aim is to appeal to buyers who are price-conscious, as well as people interested in innovation and quality. Since opening the doors to its first store in 1913, ALDI has successfully established itself as one of the most reputable retailers globally. The first Australian store opened its doors in January 2001 and there are now over 500 stores throughout Australia. In a short period of time, ALDI has influenced grocery prices, improved the perception and quality of private label goods and introduced a number of market-leading initiatives never before seen in Australia. Today, the ALDI name is synonymous with high quality and exceptional value. </s>" <s> ALDImobile is an exclusive mobile product for ALDI supermarkets and is available nationwide in over 500 stores and online. This is the first mobile launch for ALDI outside the European market allowing Australian ALDI customers to take advantage of a ‘smarter mobile service’. ALDImobile is a high quality service with low call rates and flexible options. ALDI has already successfully implemented mobile products in Germany, Netherlands and Belgium. MEDION, who have a long standing relationship with ALDI supplying hardware worldwide, have extensively researched the Australian mobile market to develop a unique and flexible low cost, long validity pre-paid product. MEDION has over 25 years' experience in providing customers functional products of quality featuring outstanding design and excellent value for money. MEDION pursues a best value strategy when designing its products to ensure that consumers get the high-quality, reasonably priced items they want. The aim is to appeal to buyers who are price-conscious, as well as people interested in innovation and quality. Since opening the doors to its first store in 1913, ALDI has successfully established itself as one of the most reputable retailers globally. The first Australian store opened its doors in January 2001 and there are now over 500 stores throughout Australia. In a short period of time, ALDI has influenced grocery prices, improved the perception and quality of private label goods and introduced a number of market-leading initiatives never before seen in Australia. Today, the ALDI name is synonymous with high quality and exceptional value. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The Golden State of California is place to find online singles from Match.com. Millions of members. Hundreds of thousands of new relationships. Match.com has been the leading online dating site for over 10 years. Addicted to love? Get your fix through thousands of North Park profiles all looking for love. </s>" <s> The Golden State of California is place to find online singles from Match.com. Millions of members. Hundreds of thousands of new relationships. Match.com has been the leading online dating site for over 10 years. Addicted to love? Get your fix through thousands of North Park profiles all looking for love. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> My nearest and dearest friend, Ginny, has launched a beautiful, inspiring, online boutique called Vinnie Louise. SHE is beautiful and inspiring and the heart and soul that she has poured into this business is EVIDENT in the way she treats her customers and curates her collection. She supports independent designers who are pouring THEIR heart and soul into each and every one of their pieces and that just makes me want to SHOP! Isn't that just a better experience? Knowing that you're helping to grow someone else's dream into reality? Yes. It is better. And yes, this is a shameless plug for my sweet friend because she deserves it and YOU'RE going to love it (and love me for it). James and I hosted a little launch party for Vinnie Louise with some of our closest friends and flipping through these photos just made me realize ALL over again how much I LOVE the way food brings people together. Around a table, around a pile of jewelry, around a fire... food is that beautiful staple that binds all kinds of situations and people together... turning mundane life into EVENTS and friends into family. EASY EASY EASY avocado on toast and our classic grilled chicken over kale salad. Cut thin slices of your favorite loaf, preferably sourdough, but anything works... toast it 'til crunchy! While it's toasting, mash the avocado flesh until pasty and salt and pepper it. Cut skinny slices of tomato and a few pieces of cheese... we always use white cheddar because we literally cannot survive without it. When the toast is done, quickly pop it in the oven on light broil (or microwave) with the cheese on top until it's just melted. Pull it out, pile on the tomatoes and avocado, squeeze fresh lemon juice all over it and add more salt and pepper. TA DA! Watch out, you'll go for like, 10 of these not realizing. Next, grilled chicken... fire up your grill and heavily salt and pepper a cutting board. Olive oil your chicken breasts and press both sides of the breasts into the salt and pepper. Nothing else. Really, nothing else. Grill it to perfection. While those are grilling up nicely.... FINELY chop a big old pile of kale. For those of you that shop religiously at Trader Joe's like we do, we usually use one bag of their kale for a party of four. The KEY to a great kale salad is the chop... just go to town and chop it to death until it's almost like confetti. Trust me, it's just better. Then chop up 2 or 3 stalks of celery and toss it in. Next, mash up an avocado, just like you did for the avocado toast and mix it around with salt and pepper and the juice from 1 lime. Add it into the bowl. If you've made a batch of fresh hummus recently, add in a big dollop of that.. if not, that's alright, add in a big dollop of greek or plain yogurt. Toss in 2 handfuls of craisins and shred in some white cheddar, and don't be shy with it. Then get out a jar and fill it with 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 heaping Tablespoon stone ground dijon mustard and a lot of salt and pepper and shake it around... there's you're dressing, I'd use most of it but that's personal preference, just remember that there's already a few other ""wet"" ingredients in the salad and if you don't want to drown your kale, dress it after you've tossed it, then toss again. Pop that beautiful chicken breast on top of a mound of salad and dinner is served. It's fresh and easy and people love it... delicious and simple, perfect for lunch or dinner gatherings. And then after you've rewarded yourself in your head for eating a salad for dinner... treat yourself to a top and a dress from Vinnie Louise... after all, you're OBVIOUSLY getting back that summer, girlish figure by eating salads for dinner, right?! Here's some inspiration for you. LOTS OF LOVE and happy Memorial Day weekend to you! Go reward yourself with a new, fun top for the weekend festivities! FOLLOW @vinnielouise on instagram for news on great pieces and discounts! so proud of you ginny girl. </s>" <s> My nearest and dearest friend, Ginny, has launched a beautiful, inspiring, online boutique called Vinnie Louise. SHE is beautiful and inspiring and the heart and soul that she has poured into this business is EVIDENT in the way she treats her customers and curates her collection. She supports independent designers who are pouring THEIR heart and soul into each and every one of their pieces and that just makes me want to SHOP! Isn't that just a better experience? Knowing that you're helping to grow someone else's dream into reality? Yes. It is better. And yes, this is a shameless plug for my sweet friend because she deserves it and YOU'RE going to love it (and love me for it). James and I hosted a little launch party for Vinnie Louise with some of our closest friends and flipping through these photos just made me realize ALL over again how much I LOVE the way food brings people together. Around a table, around a pile of jewelry, around a fire... food is that beautiful staple that binds all kinds of situations and people together... turning mundane life into EVENTS and friends into family. EASY EASY EASY avocado on toast and our classic grilled chicken over kale salad. Cut thin slices of your favorite loaf, preferably sourdough, but anything works... toast it 'til crunchy! While it's toasting, mash the avocado flesh until pasty and salt and pepper it. Cut skinny slices of tomato and a few pieces of cheese... we always use white cheddar because we literally cannot survive without it. When the toast is done, quickly pop it in the oven on light broil (or microwave) with the cheese on top until it's just melted. Pull it out, pile on the tomatoes and avocado, squeeze fresh lemon juice all over it and add more salt and pepper. TA DA! Watch out, you'll go for like, 10 of these not realizing. Next, grilled chicken... fire up your grill and heavily salt and pepper a cutting board. Olive oil your chicken breasts and press both sides of the breasts into the salt and pepper. Nothing else. Really, nothing else. Grill it to perfection. While those are grilling up nicely.... FINELY chop a big old pile of kale. For those of you that shop religiously at Trader Joe's like we do, we usually use one bag of their kale for a party of four. The KEY to a great kale salad is the chop... just go to town and chop it to death until it's almost like confetti. Trust me, it's just better. Then chop up 2 or 3 stalks of celery and toss it in. Next, mash up an avocado, just like you did for the avocado toast and mix it around with salt and pepper and the juice from 1 lime. Add it into the bowl. If you've made a batch of fresh hummus recently, add in a big dollop of that.. if not, that's alright, add in a big dollop of greek or plain yogurt. Toss in 2 handfuls of craisins and shred in some white cheddar, and don't be shy with it. Then get out a jar and fill it with 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 heaping Tablespoon stone ground dijon mustard and a lot of salt and pepper and shake it around... there's you're dressing, I'd use most of it but that's personal preference, just remember that there's already a few other """wet""" ingredients in the salad and if you don't want to drown your kale, dress it after you've tossed it, then toss again. Pop that beautiful chicken breast on top of a mound of salad and dinner is served. It's fresh and easy and people love it... delicious and simple, perfect for lunch or dinner gatherings. And then after you've rewarded yourself in your head for eating a salad for dinner... treat yourself to a top and a dress from Vinnie Louise... after all, you're OBVIOUSLY getting back that summer, girlish figure by eating salads for dinner, right?! Here's some inspiration for you. LOTS OF LOVE and happy Memorial Day weekend to you! Go reward yourself with a new, fun top for the weekend festivities! FOLLOW @vinnielouise on instagram for news on great pieces and discounts! so proud of you ginny girl. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Alison Lehmann Edwards, Chief Executive Officer, (714-480-6573) has been involved with the organization since 1998. She served as program director for the BRIDGES program and then Deputy Director of the organization before becoming CEO in late 2017. Alison has a passion for leadership and has served as a leadership trainer and speaker. Alison earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in Ethnic Studies and American Studies from the University of Colorado at Boulder and earned her Masters of Arts in Cultural Studies from Claremont Graduate University. The fundamental framework of OC Human Relations’ Community Building, Mediation, and BRIDGES programs are empowerment strategies rooted in grass roots organizing, diverse leadership development, and creative conflict resolution. Antonio Benitez, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6586) grew up in the Oak View neighborhood of Huntington Beach, CA and graduated from San Diego State University with a B.A. in Latin American Studies.While in college, Antonio became aware of his agency and advocated for social justice issues through his involvement in student groups MEChA de SDSU and UFW San Diego Support Committee. Upon moving back to Orange County, Antonio worked as a substitute teacher for several years and as a student advisor for a local non-profit after school program. He believes strongly in empowering youth as positive agents of change by raising their awareness through culturally relevant education and training. Antonio continues to work with the residents and youth of Oak View, a culturally rich neighborhood that’s historically been underrepresented, by helping them advocate for issues like ethnic studies, renter’s rights, immigrant rights, and environmental justice. Barbara Hunt, Grants Manager and Writer, (714-480-6574) joined the OC Human Relations’ staff in 1996 after serving as a volunteer. She worked on the Dispute Resolution Program for five years as a mediator and mediation trainer and created the Common Ground Community Program. She then moved to the Community Building Team as a Senior Human Relations Specialist dealing with issues involving community conflict intervention, human relations awareness training and education, and worked with residents throughout the county to empower grassroots leaders and develop diverse leaders. She has served on the Development Team since 2007. Her journalism background led her to OC Human Relations where she was able to have a more hands-on approach to creating a safer, more inclusive, equitable and respectful community for everyone. Chris Hernandez, Restorative Justice Specialist, (714-480-6570) grew up in Mission Viejo and graduated from Azusa Pacific University in 2016 with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and a minor in Leadership Studies. Prior to Joining OC Human Relations in 2019, Chris worked for Resolve Center for Dispute Resolution and Restorative Justice in southern Oregon as a restorative justice specialist. Chris has also worked as a mediator for small claims, civil harassment, and landlord/tenant cases at Harbor, Central, and North Justice Center in southern California. He currently serves Ball Junior High School as their on-site restorative justice specialist with a passion for helping students and staff connect with each other on a human level to build community, repair harm, and transform relationships. Cinthia Tejeda , Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6572) graduated from UC San Diego with a Bachelor of Arts in Ethnic Studies and a minor in Healthcare Social Issues. She earned her master’s degree in Social and Cultural Analysis of Education from the California State University, Long Beach. Cinthia’s work has focused on working with underrepresented student populations in low income neighborhoods providing college advising and financial literacy services. She values the importance of youth empowerment and awareness in order to create change in communities that are most affected by institutional injustices. Cinthia is committed to working with students and families to provide equitable opportunities for success through education and community centered resources. Don Han, Operations Manager, (714-480-6576) has been with OCHRC since 2001. Prior to becoming the Operations Manager, Don was the Hate Crime Prevention Program Coordinator who also responds to reported hate crimes and hate incidents in the county. In his time with OCHR Don has worked with the BRIDGES team and co-organized the Annual Gala. He has authored the agency‘s Hate Crime Report and provided Hate Crime training. Don serves on the Board of the California Association of Human Relations Organization (CAHRO), and was a former chair of GLSEN’s Orange County Chapter and a former Human Relations Commissioner for the City of Santa Ana. He earned a Sociology Degree from Cal State Fullerton, is a Certified Mediator, speaks Lao and Thai. Edgar Medina, Community Capacity Building Coordinator, (714-480-6577) has been with OC Human Relations for more than 10 years. He coordinated and conducts the Parent Leadership Institute and designs community building models for organizational interventions as well as community/parent leadership curriculums. Edgar is fluent in Spanish and has a heart for empowering the disenfranchised residents in the community. He provides support for community-police dialogues, researches funding for community building initiatives that support the empowerment, and provides technical assistance to various neighborhood groups. He earned his degree in Political Science from the University San Cristobal de Huamanga in Peru and has a degree to practice law there. He did his post graduate studies at the National Institute of Public Administration in Madrid, Spain, and earned a Master’s in Public Administration from California State University, Fullerton. Irma Zamora, Bilingual Office Assistant, (714-480-6593) is an Orange County native, born and raised in Santa Ana. She graduated from Amherst College with a degree in Spanish and a Certificate for Latin American, Caribbean, and Latinx Studies. Throughout college, she focused her work on Latinx issues, helping to create the Latin American and Latinx Studies program at Amherst. She interned with OCHR as a Community Building Intern focusing on the Hate Crime report. She loved the work the organization does so much that she decided to come back to join the team! Joyce Sanchez, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6580) has been working for OC Human Relations since June, 2009. She graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Services from California State University, Fullerton in 2008. From 2009 to 2012, Joyce worked as a mediator with our Dispute Resolution Program providing mediation services to the community and at court. She has also worked with youth, engaging and motivating high school students through our Skills for Success program to improve their grades and work toward a higher education. Currently, Joyce works on the Community Building Team empowering low-income residents to increase their civic engagement and building bridges between them and service providers. Her focus is on the gathering of Hate Crime information, producing the Hate Crime Report, Police Community Dialogues and the Police Community Relations Program (PCRP) to build better working relationships between police officers and residents. Julie Vue, Program Director, BRIDGES Safe & Respectful Schools Program and Restorative Schools Program (714-480-6589) has been with OC Human Relations since Fall 2016, starting off as a BRIDGES Human Relations Specialist. Now serving as the Program Director, Julie helps lead a team of passionate individuals dedicated to working with students, parents, teachers and administrators in schools across Orange County to improve school climate and create safe, inclusive, equitable and restorative schools. They graduated from UC Irvine with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and minors in Gender & Sexuality Studies and Civic & Community Engagement and earned a Master of Arts in Education with emphasis on Social and Cultural Analysis from Cal State Long Beach. Kathy Shimizu, Dispute Resolution Program Coordinator, (714-480-6581) has been involved in conflict resolution and advocacy Since January 2000. In 2007, Kathy received her Master’s Degree in Negotiation, Conflict Resolution and Peace Building from California State University, Dominquez Hills. In addition, Kathy has participated in multiple mediation-specific trainings focusing on facilitative mediation skills, divorce mediation skills, and court-connected family mediation skills. Kathy also received training as a Relationship Enhancement trainer for the National Institute for Relationship Enhancement (NIRE) and has been trained in domestic violence and child advocacy. Kathy has convened and mediated hundreds of mediation cases in a variety of settings including divorce and other family matters, small claims, unlawful detainer, civil harassment, community neighbor-neighbor disputes, juvenile victim-offender, and employee relations. A credentialed teacher prior to becoming a mediator, Kathy has utilized her teaching expertise to develop trainings in the areas of child advocacy, basic mediation, communication skills, civil harassment mediation, and divorce mediation. Most recently, Kathy has developed and implemented an extensive in-court practicum designed to provide mediators with real-life opportunitiesm to refine skills in a structured, mentored setting. Kathy Tran, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6571) grew up in Santa Ana and first got involved with OC Human Relations as a youth leader through the BRIDGES Program. During her time in BRIDGES, she graduated from HRAP and served on the OC Human Relations Board of Directors. She graduated from UC Berkeley with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science, Asian American Studies, and a Minor in Education. While in college, Kathy advocated for stronger recruitment and retention of first generation, underrepresented students of color. Kathy is proud to return to OC Human Relations and work with the BRIDGES Program to help further opportunities for young people to make a difference in their schools and communities. She strongly believes that young people can use the tools of education to help make their communities a better place. Khushbindar Kaur Sood, Director of Development, (714-480-6582) joined OCHR in 2017 and has worked with non-profit organizations in Southern California for 17 years. She works closely with the CEO and is responsible for fund development and communications. She is a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE), has direct hands-on experiences in health and human service programs, facilitated and lead collaborations and worked within a grant-making foundation. Khushbindar’s passion is in working with diverse groups and building capacity and infrastructure within non-profits. She earned the Bachelor of Science in Human Services from California State University of Fullerton and attended San Diego State University for a Master’s in Public Health Degree. Kristian Vallee, OC Human Relations Bookkeeper, (714-480-6570) first worked with OC Human Relations in the late 2000’s as the Camp Director for the BRIDGES program at the Bearpaw preserve. He has also worked as a Junior High school teacher in Orange County for 6 years. Kristian has a Bachelor’s Degree from UC Irvine and a degree in Accounting from Irvine Valley College. He is passionate about economic and social justice and in building positive community relations. Kristian welcomes the responsibilities of again playing a supporting administrative role in helping OCHR to grow and continue its positive effect on spreading awareness, teaching students to make their voices heard, and fostering a community in Orange County that is inclusive and safe for all its citizens. Lenora Forschner, Dispute Resolution Program Specialist, (714-480-6575) grew up on the outskirts of Mexico City. She is Bilingual in Spanish, and also speaks conversational French and German. She loves local and international travel, cross-cultural experiences, and meeting people with varied lifestyles and perspectives. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in Speech Communication from California State University Fullerton. Her interest in Conflict Management first lead her to OCHR in 1997, for Basic Mediation Training. She later became a Certified Mediator and an active Volunteer in OCHR’s Community, Civil and Family Court Mediation programs. She is especially passionate about helping to grow the Community Mediation program, and participating in Community Building projects. She brings experience from the corporate sector, in Human Resources, Facilitation, Sales and Management. Maggie Lauder, Restorative Practices Specialist, (714-480-6570) , has been involved with OC Human Relations since 2011 as a BRIDGES site coordinator. Before coming to the organization, she taught high school for 12 years in the areas of ethics and social justice. As a restorative practices specialist, Maggie’s work focuses on working alongside school communities to support the planning, implementation and support of restorative techniques to build stronger, engaged and connected campuses throughout OC. She earned her B.A. from Loyola University Chicago in Women’s Studies and a M.A. from Loyola Marymount University in Theological Studies. Marco Ortega, Restorative Justice Specialist & Mediator (714-480-6570) started volunteering with OC Human Relations in 2014 and became a staff member in 2016. He currently works as the Community Case Coordinator for the Dispute Resolution Program and as a Restorative Justice Specialist at Dale and Brookhurst Junior High. Marco is also the co-trainer for the 40-hour Basic Mediation Training. He received his mediation training at the University of California, Irvine and since then has mediated a variety of school, court and community conflicts in English and Spanish. Marco has a B.A. in Criminology, Law and Society from UC Irvine and an M.A. in Negotiation, Conflict Resolution and Peacebuilding from California State University, Dominguez Hills. Maureen Dadabhoy, Human Relations Advocate (714-480-6579) graduated from California State University, Fullerton with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Criminal Justice and a minor in Business. She earned her master’s degree in Education and a Paralegal Certificate from University of California, Irvine. Maureen has worked as a teacher and served as Character Education Fellow with OC Department of Education. She is grateful for the opportunities granted to her and is dedicated to serving the community through training and education. MichaelAngelo Aranda Restorative Justice Specialist (714-480-6570) hails from the Los Angeles area with an extensive background in conflict mediation and youth diversion. He spent two years working closely with the Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Unified School District, Compton Unified School District and Inglewood Unified School District implementing juvenile pre-booking diversion to the community. Michael graduated from California State University, Long Beach with his undergraduate degree in Chicanx/Latinx Studies and is currently earning his Master of Arts in Education (Option: Social and Cultural Analysis of Education). Norma Lopez, Commission Director, (714-480-6594) joined the OC Human Relations team in late 2014 and became Commission Director in 2016. She serves as executive support staff to the Human Relations Commission and leads the Community Building Team. Mrs. López has found that her purpose is unremittingly rooted in the idea that one must “help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours”. Consequently, Norma was able to find purpose as she took a leap into the realm of community organizing, social justice, and leadership development by joining the Peace Corps after completing her undergrad work. Through this journey, she discovered an unending source of fearlessness that has allowed her to follow the path less traveled both professionally and personally. Mrs. López is passionate about bolstering emergent change agents and is stimulated by building meaningful relationships that have enriched and expanded her worldview. Norma is bilingual and bicultural with Salvadoran cultural roots. She earned a Bachelor’s in International Studies from University of La Verne and a Master’s in Public Administration from Baruch College – The City University of New York (CUNY). Peko Gomis, Senior Community and Court Mediator and Intern & Volunteer Liaison, (714-480-6584) was born and raised in Senegal, West Africa. Peko graduated from University Caen, Normandy, France, with a BA in Languages with a concentration in English and Spanish. Peko attended the Basic Mediation training in April 1998 at OC Human Relations and volunteered hundreds of hours before joining the staff in December 2001. While working with OC Human Relations, Peko has mediated over one thousand cases in court and community settings in a period of ten years. For more than five years, he has been a co-trainer of OC Human Relations’ Basic Mediation Program, which is a 40-hour training that teaches new mediators how to mediate conflicts in the community and in court. Peko is fluent in Spanish, French, Mandjacque, Wolof, Diola, Mandingue, and Creole. Seema Shah, Training Specialist, (714-480-6578) , has been associated with OC Human Relations for over 20 years. She first became involved as a student in the BRIDGES School Program. Seema has been on staff since 2001 working with Orange County students and school communities on anti-bias, anti-oppression and restorative justice practices. Seema’s work focuses on working alongside school communities to support the planning, implementation and support of restorative techniques to build stronger, engaged and connected campuses throughout Orange County. Sheri Wingate, Office Manager, (714-480-6587) has been with OC Human Relations since 2005. Sheri is responsible for preparation of staff payroll and other staff related reports; management of the agency benefit packages (which includes Workers Comp, health insurance, Flexible Spending and a 401k plan); QuickBooks accounting tasks (check writing and deposits); maintaining office operations including equipment and facility issues; ordering supplies; preparing reports, letters and memos; and, database support and supervision of the Office Technician. She frequently acts as a liaison between OC Human Relations and our neighboring County agencies. Sheri has an AA in Human Services, along with certificates in Purchasing and Office Administration, and has worked almost exclusively in the Office Manager/Administrator capacity throughout her work life in both the non-profit and private sectors. Wesley Acker, Court and Community Mediator, (714-480-6590) graduated from Brigham Young University with a B.S. in International Relations and is working on an M.A. in Negotiation and Conflict Resolution. Having spent over 15 years teaching at university level, he became interested in mediation while teaching in Virginia, and became certified in Facilitative Mediation by the State of Virginia in 2011. After moving back to Southern California, he came on staff with OCHR and has worked in Civil and Family Court, and also their Restorative Justice program, in both English and Spanish. He has trained with IIRP and Kay Pranis in Tier II & III Harm Intervention, and with the Strauss Institute in Organizational Conflict Resolution. He is currently the Lead Trainer/Mentor for the OCHR Dispute Resolution Team. </s>" <s> Alison Lehmann Edwards, Chief Executive Officer, (714-480-6573) has been involved with the organization since 1998. She served as program director for the BRIDGES program and then Deputy Director of the organization before becoming CEO in late 2017. Alison has a passion for leadership and has served as a leadership trainer and speaker. Alison earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in Ethnic Studies and American Studies from the University of Colorado at Boulder and earned her Masters of Arts in Cultural Studies from Claremont Graduate University. The fundamental framework of OC Human Relations’ Community Building, Mediation, and BRIDGES programs are empowerment strategies rooted in grass roots organizing, diverse leadership development, and creative conflict resolution. Antonio Benitez, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6586) grew up in the Oak View neighborhood of Huntington Beach, CA and graduated from San Diego State University with a B.A. in Latin American Studies.While in college, Antonio became aware of his agency and advocated for social justice issues through his involvement in student groups MEChA de SDSU and UFW San Diego Support Committee. Upon moving back to Orange County, Antonio worked as a substitute teacher for several years and as a student advisor for a local non-profit after school program. He believes strongly in empowering youth as positive agents of change by raising their awareness through culturally relevant education and training. Antonio continues to work with the residents and youth of Oak View, a culturally rich neighborhood that’s historically been underrepresented, by helping them advocate for issues like ethnic studies, renter’s rights, immigrant rights, and environmental justice. Barbara Hunt, Grants Manager and Writer, (714-480-6574) joined the OC Human Relations’ staff in 1996 after serving as a volunteer. She worked on the Dispute Resolution Program for five years as a mediator and mediation trainer and created the Common Ground Community Program. She then moved to the Community Building Team as a Senior Human Relations Specialist dealing with issues involving community conflict intervention, human relations awareness training and education, and worked with residents throughout the county to empower grassroots leaders and develop diverse leaders. She has served on the Development Team since 2007. Her journalism background led her to OC Human Relations where she was able to have a more hands-on approach to creating a safer, more inclusive, equitable and respectful community for everyone. Chris Hernandez, Restorative Justice Specialist, (714-480-6570) grew up in Mission Viejo and graduated from Azusa Pacific University in 2016 with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and a minor in Leadership Studies. Prior to Joining OC Human Relations in 2019, Chris worked for Resolve Center for Dispute Resolution and Restorative Justice in southern Oregon as a restorative justice specialist. Chris has also worked as a mediator for small claims, civil harassment, and landlord/tenant cases at Harbor, Central, and North Justice Center in southern California. He currently serves Ball Junior High School as their on-site restorative justice specialist with a passion for helping students and staff connect with each other on a human level to build community, repair harm, and transform relationships. Cinthia Tejeda , Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6572) graduated from UC San Diego with a Bachelor of Arts in Ethnic Studies and a minor in Healthcare Social Issues. She earned her master’s degree in Social and Cultural Analysis of Education from the California State University, Long Beach. Cinthia’s work has focused on working with underrepresented student populations in low income neighborhoods providing college advising and financial literacy services. She values the importance of youth empowerment and awareness in order to create change in communities that are most affected by institutional injustices. Cinthia is committed to working with students and families to provide equitable opportunities for success through education and community centered resources. Don Han, Operations Manager, (714-480-6576) has been with OCHRC since 2001. Prior to becoming the Operations Manager, Don was the Hate Crime Prevention Program Coordinator who also responds to reported hate crimes and hate incidents in the county. In his time with OCHR Don has worked with the BRIDGES team and co-organized the Annual Gala. He has authored the agency‘s Hate Crime Report and provided Hate Crime training. Don serves on the Board of the California Association of Human Relations Organization (CAHRO), and was a former chair of GLSEN’s Orange County Chapter and a former Human Relations Commissioner for the City of Santa Ana. He earned a Sociology Degree from Cal State Fullerton, is a Certified Mediator, speaks Lao and Thai. Edgar Medina, Community Capacity Building Coordinator, (714-480-6577) has been with OC Human Relations for more than 10 years. He coordinated and conducts the Parent Leadership Institute and designs community building models for organizational interventions as well as community/parent leadership curriculums. Edgar is fluent in Spanish and has a heart for empowering the disenfranchised residents in the community. He provides support for community-police dialogues, researches funding for community building initiatives that support the empowerment, and provides technical assistance to various neighborhood groups. He earned his degree in Political Science from the University San Cristobal de Huamanga in Peru and has a degree to practice law there. He did his post graduate studies at the National Institute of Public Administration in Madrid, Spain, and earned a Master’s in Public Administration from California State University, Fullerton. Irma Zamora, Bilingual Office Assistant, (714-480-6593) is an Orange County native, born and raised in Santa Ana. She graduated from Amherst College with a degree in Spanish and a Certificate for Latin American, Caribbean, and Latinx Studies. Throughout college, she focused her work on Latinx issues, helping to create the Latin American and Latinx Studies program at Amherst. She interned with OCHR as a Community Building Intern focusing on the Hate Crime report. She loved the work the organization does so much that she decided to come back to join the team! Joyce Sanchez, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6580) has been working for OC Human Relations since June, 2009. She graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Human Services from California State University, Fullerton in 2008. From 2009 to 2012, Joyce worked as a mediator with our Dispute Resolution Program providing mediation services to the community and at court. She has also worked with youth, engaging and motivating high school students through our Skills for Success program to improve their grades and work toward a higher education. Currently, Joyce works on the Community Building Team empowering low-income residents to increase their civic engagement and building bridges between them and service providers. Her focus is on the gathering of Hate Crime information, producing the Hate Crime Report, Police Community Dialogues and the Police Community Relations Program (PCRP) to build better working relationships between police officers and residents. Julie Vue, Program Director, BRIDGES Safe & Respectful Schools Program and Restorative Schools Program (714-480-6589) has been with OC Human Relations since Fall 2016, starting off as a BRIDGES Human Relations Specialist. Now serving as the Program Director, Julie helps lead a team of passionate individuals dedicated to working with students, parents, teachers and administrators in schools across Orange County to improve school climate and create safe, inclusive, equitable and restorative schools. They graduated from UC Irvine with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and minors in Gender & Sexuality Studies and Civic & Community Engagement and earned a Master of Arts in Education with emphasis on Social and Cultural Analysis from Cal State Long Beach. Kathy Shimizu, Dispute Resolution Program Coordinator, (714-480-6581) has been involved in conflict resolution and advocacy Since January 2000. In 2007, Kathy received her Master’s Degree in Negotiation, Conflict Resolution and Peace Building from California State University, Dominquez Hills. In addition, Kathy has participated in multiple mediation-specific trainings focusing on facilitative mediation skills, divorce mediation skills, and court-connected family mediation skills. Kathy also received training as a Relationship Enhancement trainer for the National Institute for Relationship Enhancement (NIRE) and has been trained in domestic violence and child advocacy. Kathy has convened and mediated hundreds of mediation cases in a variety of settings including divorce and other family matters, small claims, unlawful detainer, civil harassment, community neighbor-neighbor disputes, juvenile victim-offender, and employee relations. A credentialed teacher prior to becoming a mediator, Kathy has utilized her teaching expertise to develop trainings in the areas of child advocacy, basic mediation, communication skills, civil harassment mediation, and divorce mediation. Most recently, Kathy has developed and implemented an extensive in-court practicum designed to provide mediators with real-life opportunitiesm to refine skills in a structured, mentored setting. Kathy Tran, Human Relations Specialist, (714-480-6571) grew up in Santa Ana and first got involved with OC Human Relations as a youth leader through the BRIDGES Program. During her time in BRIDGES, she graduated from HRAP and served on the OC Human Relations Board of Directors. She graduated from UC Berkeley with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science, Asian American Studies, and a Minor in Education. While in college, Kathy advocated for stronger recruitment and retention of first generation, underrepresented students of color. Kathy is proud to return to OC Human Relations and work with the BRIDGES Program to help further opportunities for young people to make a difference in their schools and communities. She strongly believes that young people can use the tools of education to help make their communities a better place. Khushbindar Kaur Sood, Director of Development, (714-480-6582) joined OCHR in 2017 and has worked with non-profit organizations in Southern California for 17 years. She works closely with the CEO and is responsible for fund development and communications. She is a Certified Fund Raising Executive (CFRE), has direct hands-on experiences in health and human service programs, facilitated and lead collaborations and worked within a grant-making foundation. Khushbindar’s passion is in working with diverse groups and building capacity and infrastructure within non-profits. She earned the Bachelor of Science in Human Services from California State University of Fullerton and attended San Diego State University for a Master’s in Public Health Degree. Kristian Vallee, OC Human Relations Bookkeeper, (714-480-6570) first worked with OC Human Relations in the late 2000’s as the Camp Director for the BRIDGES program at the Bearpaw preserve. He has also worked as a Junior High school teacher in Orange County for 6 years. Kristian has a Bachelor’s Degree from UC Irvine and a degree in Accounting from Irvine Valley College. He is passionate about economic and social justice and in building positive community relations. Kristian welcomes the responsibilities of again playing a supporting administrative role in helping OCHR to grow and continue its positive effect on spreading awareness, teaching students to make their voices heard, and fostering a community in Orange County that is inclusive and safe for all its citizens. Lenora Forschner, Dispute Resolution Program Specialist, (714-480-6575) grew up on the outskirts of Mexico City. She is Bilingual in Spanish, and also speaks conversational French and German. She loves local and international travel, cross-cultural experiences, and meeting people with varied lifestyles and perspectives. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in Speech Communication from California State University Fullerton. Her interest in Conflict Management first lead her to OCHR in 1997, for Basic Mediation Training. She later became a Certified Mediator and an active Volunteer in OCHR’s Community, Civil and Family Court Mediation programs. She is especially passionate about helping to grow the Community Mediation program, and participating in Community Building projects. She brings experience from the corporate sector, in Human Resources, Facilitation, Sales and Management. Maggie Lauder, Restorative Practices Specialist, (714-480-6570) , has been involved with OC Human Relations since 2011 as a BRIDGES site coordinator. Before coming to the organization, she taught high school for 12 years in the areas of ethics and social justice. As a restorative practices specialist, Maggie’s work focuses on working alongside school communities to support the planning, implementation and support of restorative techniques to build stronger, engaged and connected campuses throughout OC. She earned her B.A. from Loyola University Chicago in Women’s Studies and a M.A. from Loyola Marymount University in Theological Studies. Marco Ortega, Restorative Justice Specialist & Mediator (714-480-6570) started volunteering with OC Human Relations in 2014 and became a staff member in 2016. He currently works as the Community Case Coordinator for the Dispute Resolution Program and as a Restorative Justice Specialist at Dale and Brookhurst Junior High. Marco is also the co-trainer for the 40-hour Basic Mediation Training. He received his mediation training at the University of California, Irvine and since then has mediated a variety of school, court and community conflicts in English and Spanish. Marco has a B.A. in Criminology, Law and Society from UC Irvine and an M.A. in Negotiation, Conflict Resolution and Peacebuilding from California State University, Dominguez Hills. Maureen Dadabhoy, Human Relations Advocate (714-480-6579) graduated from California State University, Fullerton with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Criminal Justice and a minor in Business. She earned her master’s degree in Education and a Paralegal Certificate from University of California, Irvine. Maureen has worked as a teacher and served as Character Education Fellow with OC Department of Education. She is grateful for the opportunities granted to her and is dedicated to serving the community through training and education. MichaelAngelo Aranda Restorative Justice Specialist (714-480-6570) hails from the Los Angeles area with an extensive background in conflict mediation and youth diversion. He spent two years working closely with the Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Unified School District, Compton Unified School District and Inglewood Unified School District implementing juvenile pre-booking diversion to the community. Michael graduated from California State University, Long Beach with his undergraduate degree in Chicanx/Latinx Studies and is currently earning his Master of Arts in Education (Option: Social and Cultural Analysis of Education). Norma Lopez, Commission Director, (714-480-6594) joined the OC Human Relations team in late 2014 and became Commission Director in 2016. She serves as executive support staff to the Human Relations Commission and leads the Community Building Team. Mrs. López has found that her purpose is unremittingly rooted in the idea that one must “help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours”. Consequently, Norma was able to find purpose as she took a leap into the realm of community organizing, social justice, and leadership development by joining the Peace Corps after completing her undergrad work. Through this journey, she discovered an unending source of fearlessness that has allowed her to follow the path less traveled both professionally and personally. Mrs. López is passionate about bolstering emergent change agents and is stimulated by building meaningful relationships that have enriched and expanded her worldview. Norma is bilingual and bicultural with Salvadoran cultural roots. She earned a Bachelor’s in International Studies from University of La Verne and a Master’s in Public Administration from Baruch College – The City University of New York (CUNY). Peko Gomis, Senior Community and Court Mediator and Intern & Volunteer Liaison, (714-480-6584) was born and raised in Senegal, West Africa. Peko graduated from University Caen, Normandy, France, with a BA in Languages with a concentration in English and Spanish. Peko attended the Basic Mediation training in April 1998 at OC Human Relations and volunteered hundreds of hours before joining the staff in December 2001. While working with OC Human Relations, Peko has mediated over one thousand cases in court and community settings in a period of ten years. For more than five years, he has been a co-trainer of OC Human Relations’ Basic Mediation Program, which is a 40-hour training that teaches new mediators how to mediate conflicts in the community and in court. Peko is fluent in Spanish, French, Mandjacque, Wolof, Diola, Mandingue, and Creole. Seema Shah, Training Specialist, (714-480-6578) , has been associated with OC Human Relations for over 20 years. She first became involved as a student in the BRIDGES School Program. Seema has been on staff since 2001 working with Orange County students and school communities on anti-bias, anti-oppression and restorative justice practices. Seema’s work focuses on working alongside school communities to support the planning, implementation and support of restorative techniques to build stronger, engaged and connected campuses throughout Orange County. Sheri Wingate, Office Manager, (714-480-6587) has been with OC Human Relations since 2005. Sheri is responsible for preparation of staff payroll and other staff related reports; management of the agency benefit packages (which includes Workers Comp, health insurance, Flexible Spending and a 401k plan); QuickBooks accounting tasks (check writing and deposits); maintaining office operations including equipment and facility issues; ordering supplies; preparing reports, letters and memos; and, database support and supervision of the Office Technician. She frequently acts as a liaison between OC Human Relations and our neighboring County agencies. Sheri has an AA in Human Services, along with certificates in Purchasing and Office Administration, and has worked almost exclusively in the Office Manager/Administrator capacity throughout her work life in both the non-profit and private sectors. Wesley Acker, Court and Community Mediator, (714-480-6590) graduated from Brigham Young University with a B.S. in International Relations and is working on an M.A. in Negotiation and Conflict Resolution. Having spent over 15 years teaching at university level, he became interested in mediation while teaching in Virginia, and became certified in Facilitative Mediation by the State of Virginia in 2011. After moving back to Southern California, he came on staff with OCHR and has worked in Civil and Family Court, and also their Restorative Justice program, in both English and Spanish. He has trained with IIRP and Kay Pranis in Tier II & III Harm Intervention, and with the Strauss Institute in Organizational Conflict Resolution. He is currently the Lead Trainer/Mentor for the OCHR Dispute Resolution Team. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> All planning applications in the National Park are made to the relevant local authority. Most are also decided by the local authority. If the application is big or important to the National Park then it will be 'called-in' and decided by the National Park Authority. All planning applications in the Cairngorms National Park are made to the planning department of the local authority that the proposal is within. Each of the five local authorities that make up the National Park notify the Cairngorms National Park Authority (CNPA) of all planning applications made in the National Park. The CNPA has 21days to decide whether to ‘call in’ and determine a planning application. If an application is called in, The CNPA notifies the council, the applicant and any consultees that it has called in the application. You can find out more about the types of application that the CNPA is likely to call in from this Advice Note. You can also view lists of the applications the CNPA has ‘called in’. All planning applications in the National Park are assessed against the Cairngorms National Park Local Development Plan 2015 (LDP) whether it is the CNPA or the local authority that makes the decision. The CNPA prepares the LDP and other planning guidance for the National Park and all five local authorities as well as the CNPA use them to decide planning applications in the National Park. Planning applications have to be submitted to the relevant local authority. The local authority checks that the application includes all the information needed to determine it and registers receipt of the application. Once the application is registered, they will also tell CNPA that they have received it. Your local authority planning department will have planning application forms and advice on how to make a planning application. You can also make a planning application online through the Scottish Government ePlanning portal. You can also ask your local authority planning department for ‘pre-application advice’ that will tell you exactly what information you need to include with your application. The advice you get will also say whether your planning application is likely to be approved or refused. If your application is called in by the CNPA, then a planning officer will process your application and make a recommendation to the CNPA Planning Committee. It is the CNPA Planning Committee who make the final decision. If you application is not called in then it may be decided by the local authority planning department staff if it is small, or by the local authority’s own Planning Committee if it is larger or if many people object to it. What will my application be assessed on? Your application will be assessed against the Cairngorms National Park Local Development Plan 2015 (LDP) and any Supplementary Guidance or other planning guidance that is relevant. If your application does everything the policies in the LDP say developments must do or must not do, then planning permission will be granted. If it doesn’t, then it may be refused or have conditions placed on it. The time it takes to process your application will depend on how complicated it is and whether you have provided all the right information. The Scottish Government sets targets for the time that planning authorities should determine planning applications within. Most applications have a target of two months and larger applications have a target of four months. If your application is called in by the CNPA, you will be offered a Processing Agreement to set out what you need to do to make sure it be determined and when it will be determined. Can I come to the Planning Committee? Yes. The CNPA Planning Committee meetings are in public and any member of the public can attend. You can also speak to the Planning Committee in support of your application. You will be sent instructions on how to ask to speak at the Planning Committee if you application is called-in by the CNPA. Can I appeal a refusal of my planning application or conditions on a planning permission? Yes. You have three months from the date a decision is sent to you to appeal a refusal of your application or any conditions that have been attached to your planning permission. You can also appeal if your application has not been determined within the timescales set out by Scottish Government or agreed with the planning authority. If the decision you want to appeal was taken by your local authority planning department, then you can appeal to their Local Review Body. The decision notice that confirms your refusal will explain how to appeal. If your application was determined by the CNPA, you can appeal to the Scottish Ministers through the Department for Planning and Environmental Appeals. Your decision notice will explain how to appeal it. You can see the progress of your planning applications on the website of the planning authority who will decide them. If an application is called by the CNPA, the information about it will be soon become available on our Planning Applications page. </s>" <s> All planning applications in the National Park are made to the relevant local authority. Most are also decided by the local authority. If the application is big or important to the National Park then it will be 'called-in' and decided by the National Park Authority. All planning applications in the Cairngorms National Park are made to the planning department of the local authority that the proposal is within. Each of the five local authorities that make up the National Park notify the Cairngorms National Park Authority (CNPA) of all planning applications made in the National Park. The CNPA has 21days to decide whether to ‘call in’ and determine a planning application. If an application is called in, The CNPA notifies the council, the applicant and any consultees that it has called in the application. You can find out more about the types of application that the CNPA is likely to call in from this Advice Note. You can also view lists of the applications the CNPA has ‘called in’. All planning applications in the National Park are assessed against the Cairngorms National Park Local Development Plan 2015 (LDP) whether it is the CNPA or the local authority that makes the decision. The CNPA prepares the LDP and other planning guidance for the National Park and all five local authorities as well as the CNPA use them to decide planning applications in the National Park. Planning applications have to be submitted to the relevant local authority. The local authority checks that the application includes all the information needed to determine it and registers receipt of the application. Once the application is registered, they will also tell CNPA that they have received it. Your local authority planning department will have planning application forms and advice on how to make a planning application. You can also make a planning application online through the Scottish Government ePlanning portal. You can also ask your local authority planning department for ‘pre-application advice’ that will tell you exactly what information you need to include with your application. The advice you get will also say whether your planning application is likely to be approved or refused. If your application is called in by the CNPA, then a planning officer will process your application and make a recommendation to the CNPA Planning Committee. It is the CNPA Planning Committee who make the final decision. If you application is not called in then it may be decided by the local authority planning department staff if it is small, or by the local authority’s own Planning Committee if it is larger or if many people object to it. What will my application be assessed on? Your application will be assessed against the Cairngorms National Park Local Development Plan 2015 (LDP) and any Supplementary Guidance or other planning guidance that is relevant. If your application does everything the policies in the LDP say developments must do or must not do, then planning permission will be granted. If it doesn’t, then it may be refused or have conditions placed on it. The time it takes to process your application will depend on how complicated it is and whether you have provided all the right information. The Scottish Government sets targets for the time that planning authorities should determine planning applications within. Most applications have a target of two months and larger applications have a target of four months. If your application is called in by the CNPA, you will be offered a Processing Agreement to set out what you need to do to make sure it be determined and when it will be determined. Can I come to the Planning Committee? Yes. The CNPA Planning Committee meetings are in public and any member of the public can attend. You can also speak to the Planning Committee in support of your application. You will be sent instructions on how to ask to speak at the Planning Committee if you application is called-in by the CNPA. Can I appeal a refusal of my planning application or conditions on a planning permission? Yes. You have three months from the date a decision is sent to you to appeal a refusal of your application or any conditions that have been attached to your planning permission. You can also appeal if your application has not been determined within the timescales set out by Scottish Government or agreed with the planning authority. If the decision you want to appeal was taken by your local authority planning department, then you can appeal to their Local Review Body. The decision notice that confirms your refusal will explain how to appeal. If your application was determined by the CNPA, you can appeal to the Scottish Ministers through the Department for Planning and Environmental Appeals. Your decision notice will explain how to appeal it. You can see the progress of your planning applications on the website of the planning authority who will decide them. If an application is called by the CNPA, the information about it will be soon become available on our Planning Applications page. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Oakland Middle School Presents Hairspray Jr. Make plans now to attend a performance of Hairspray Jr. Performances will be held Thursday, May 2nd @ 7 pm, Friday, May 3rd @ 7 pm, Saturday, May 4th @ 7 pm, and Sunday, May 5th @ 3 pm. Tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for students. We hope to see you there! </s>" <s> Oakland Middle School Presents Hairspray Jr. Make plans now to attend a performance of Hairspray Jr. Performances will be held Thursday, May 2nd @ 7 pm, Friday, May 3rd @ 7 pm, Saturday, May 4th @ 7 pm, and Sunday, May 5th @ 3 pm. Tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for students. We hope to see you there! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Listening is hard work. It requires you to be present in the moment, attentive to all that's being communicated verbally and nonverbally. Such active presence also allows you to ask relevant, thought-provoking questions that clarifies and dissects what's been said. It requires you to have patience to allow the conversation (dialogue) to develop and to allow thoughts to be processed. Listening cannot be rushed, it takes time. You can't listen well on warp speed. You have to slow down. You have to make room on schedule which means that you may have to set aside other things. Listening is demanding. It wants all of you. It doesn't allow you to think about your to-do list, upcoming meetings, or piled up work. And I think that's why we do so little of it. Don't get me wrong, we talk a lot. We share of lot of things. Just look at how much is posted to social media on a daily basis. Everyone is vying to be heard but view are listening. That's about the same as rating the organization as average but every employee as above average -- it doesn't add. To listen, you have to stop talking. I don't post as much as I used to and I doubt that many people have noticed. We're bombarded with information continually. There are more blogs than we can possibly read. So I've chosen not to add too significantly to that pile and instead, read and listen more. So why this post? Some of it was guilt. I looked at the last blog post on this website and realized it had been seven months. Now I have done two posts on Linked in during this time, on building and enhancing your character. You're welcome to read those -- they really are quite good. And some part of it was to encourage you, should you wonder onto this page, to commit to spend more time listening. Listening is one of the most important, transformation actions you can take within any of your relationships. So practice it today. Slow down and listen (and then you can swipe, tweet, chat, like, snap, pin). Priorities!! Lights, sounds, and action surround us 24/7. In the midst of this constant sensory buffet, the value of embracing silence has been lost. Silence has become uncomfortable; a void to be filled with something -- a text, a snapchat, a tweet -- something. And I can't help but wonder, what would happen if our devices suddenly stopped working. What would people do if they found themselves disconnected. Would they pick up a book? Talk to one another? Or would they embrace the opportunity to be alone with themselves? Would they take a quiet walk with just your thoughts, no music or podcast to occupy their minds? Would they spend some time looking up at the clouds or the stars in the sky? As much as I'd like to believe they would. I know the answer for most is that they would not. Embracing silence is scary to most but it need not be that way. There is value in silence. Silence clarifies. Silence magnifies. Silence settles. Silence shifts priorities. Silence is a powerful force equally available to all. It doesn't discriminate. And yes, that includes the mother with three screaming children. They do have to sleep sometime, and the laundry can wait for 5 or 10 minutes as you enjoy a few moments of silence. And yes, that includes the busy executive whose schedule is packed with meetings. At some point in time you have to switch location (I hope) and you can take 5 or 10 minutes during the commute to enjoy a few moments of silence. The power of silence waits patiently to be unleashed in the lives of any and all who would dare to stop and take notice. Are you willing to give it a try? I've just finished working through a book titled ""The Sacred Slow"" by Alicia Britt Chole. This book uses a series of 12 movements to challenge you to depart from the busy lane of fast faith to enjoy our relationship with God. Last month, I wrote about sacred rhythms. I had developed those as part of giving birth to my first book, ""the Power of Rest"". Now, I was relaunch Petra Learning, I have the opportunity to do so in a way that honors these sacred rhythms. I'm excited about the possibilities. I'm excited about having boundaries. I no longer look at boundaries as limiting but as empowering. Boundaries allow me to say yes to the things that matter. Boundaries allow me to maintain healthy margins. Boundaries help you to live out the abundant life God has handcrafted for you. Helping people find this life is why I became a life coach. It's why I mentor and teach. And so I write this post today to share with you my commitment to your health. I don't do this to try to score likes or to get wealthy. I do this because I want to see you SOAR. I want to see the GREATNESS that is in you fully manifested. The top priority of a Christian business leader is soul care. Leaders need to ""be"" before they can truly ""do"" what God has called them to do within the marketplace. From Petra's official beginning in 2011, God has been working on who I am even more than what Petra does. The time I spend conversing with God is what qualifies me to lead in the marketplace. It's not title, or education, or experience that qualifies me to lead. Those things may qualify me to perform particular services -- you don't want just anyone coaching you or designing and leading training courses. But leadership is not about any of the things we ""do"". It's about the influence we wield. I've spent the last year nurturing my relationship with God. This wasn't about solidifying my identity in Christ, I know who I am and whose I am. This was about soaking in God's word and spending extravagant amounts of time in listening mode. This was about stepping away from the work of the business for a period of time to just be. It was a Sabbath year for me. And it has been incredible. My sacred rhythm has become more and more defined as I spent 2-3 hours daily in devotion, worship, prayer, listening, and reading time. Monthly immersions, quarterly conferences, and an annual retreat rounded out my sacred calendar. Now, as I delve back into the work of Petra until my next Sabbath year, the challenge for me will be to maintain this sacred calendar regardless of the business opportunities that materialize. I owe it to myself, my family, my community, and all those I serve and lead. And I would challenge you to the same. If you don't have a sacred calendar, develop one. If you do have one, stick to it. It doesn't need to look like mine -- but you do need it. you ate a meal without checking the clock? you spent a whole day enjoying a hobby? you took a vacation and disconnected? you had an unstructured, untimed conversation whose sole purpose was to get to know a person? If you have to think a long time about those questions, it's been too long and it's hurting your performance. The journey to get here was difficult; not because of time or money commitment but because it required a new type of thinking and a breaking of bad habits. I had to adjust my definition of success. I had to let go of business associations and community leadership roles in order to simplify my life. It's a process I talk about in my book the Power of Rest, should you have more interest in the topic. But even if not, know that you have the ability to live life from a position of rest, if you're willing to pay the cost. </s>" <s> Listening is hard work. It requires you to be present in the moment, attentive to all that's being communicated verbally and nonverbally. Such active presence also allows you to ask relevant, thought-provoking questions that clarifies and dissects what's been said. It requires you to have patience to allow the conversation (dialogue) to develop and to allow thoughts to be processed. Listening cannot be rushed, it takes time. You can't listen well on warp speed. You have to slow down. You have to make room on schedule which means that you may have to set aside other things. Listening is demanding. It wants all of you. It doesn't allow you to think about your to-do list, upcoming meetings, or piled up work. And I think that's why we do so little of it. Don't get me wrong, we talk a lot. We share of lot of things. Just look at how much is posted to social media on a daily basis. Everyone is vying to be heard but view are listening. That's about the same as rating the organization as average but every employee as above average -- it doesn't add. To listen, you have to stop talking. I don't post as much as I used to and I doubt that many people have noticed. We're bombarded with information continually. There are more blogs than we can possibly read. So I've chosen not to add too significantly to that pile and instead, read and listen more. So why this post? Some of it was guilt. I looked at the last blog post on this website and realized it had been seven months. Now I have done two posts on Linked in during this time, on building and enhancing your character. You're welcome to read those -- they really are quite good. And some part of it was to encourage you, should you wonder onto this page, to commit to spend more time listening. Listening is one of the most important, transformation actions you can take within any of your relationships. So practice it today. Slow down and listen (and then you can swipe, tweet, chat, like, snap, pin). Priorities!! Lights, sounds, and action surround us 24/7. In the midst of this constant sensory buffet, the value of embracing silence has been lost. Silence has become uncomfortable; a void to be filled with something -- a text, a snapchat, a tweet -- something. And I can't help but wonder, what would happen if our devices suddenly stopped working. What would people do if they found themselves disconnected. Would they pick up a book? Talk to one another? Or would they embrace the opportunity to be alone with themselves? Would they take a quiet walk with just your thoughts, no music or podcast to occupy their minds? Would they spend some time looking up at the clouds or the stars in the sky? As much as I'd like to believe they would. I know the answer for most is that they would not. Embracing silence is scary to most but it need not be that way. There is value in silence. Silence clarifies. Silence magnifies. Silence settles. Silence shifts priorities. Silence is a powerful force equally available to all. It doesn't discriminate. And yes, that includes the mother with three screaming children. They do have to sleep sometime, and the laundry can wait for 5 or 10 minutes as you enjoy a few moments of silence. And yes, that includes the busy executive whose schedule is packed with meetings. At some point in time you have to switch location (I hope) and you can take 5 or 10 minutes during the commute to enjoy a few moments of silence. The power of silence waits patiently to be unleashed in the lives of any and all who would dare to stop and take notice. Are you willing to give it a try? I've just finished working through a book titled """The" Sacred "Slow""" by Alicia Britt Chole. This book uses a series of 12 movements to challenge you to depart from the busy lane of fast faith to enjoy our relationship with God. Last month, I wrote about sacred rhythms. I had developed those as part of giving birth to my first book, """the" Power of "Rest""." Now, I was relaunch Petra Learning, I have the opportunity to do so in a way that honors these sacred rhythms. I'm excited about the possibilities. I'm excited about having boundaries. I no longer look at boundaries as limiting but as empowering. Boundaries allow me to say yes to the things that matter. Boundaries allow me to maintain healthy margins. Boundaries help you to live out the abundant life God has handcrafted for you. Helping people find this life is why I became a life coach. It's why I mentor and teach. And so I write this post today to share with you my commitment to your health. I don't do this to try to score likes or to get wealthy. I do this because I want to see you SOAR. I want to see the GREATNESS that is in you fully manifested. The top priority of a Christian business leader is soul care. Leaders need to """be""" before they can truly """do""" what God has called them to do within the marketplace. From Petra's official beginning in 2011, God has been working on who I am even more than what Petra does. The time I spend conversing with God is what qualifies me to lead in the marketplace. It's not title, or education, or experience that qualifies me to lead. Those things may qualify me to perform particular services -- you don't want just anyone coaching you or designing and leading training courses. But leadership is not about any of the things we """do""." It's about the influence we wield. I've spent the last year nurturing my relationship with God. This wasn't about solidifying my identity in Christ, I know who I am and whose I am. This was about soaking in God's word and spending extravagant amounts of time in listening mode. This was about stepping away from the work of the business for a period of time to just be. It was a Sabbath year for me. And it has been incredible. My sacred rhythm has become more and more defined as I spent 2-3 hours daily in devotion, worship, prayer, listening, and reading time. Monthly immersions, quarterly conferences, and an annual retreat rounded out my sacred calendar. Now, as I delve back into the work of Petra until my next Sabbath year, the challenge for me will be to maintain this sacred calendar regardless of the business opportunities that materialize. I owe it to myself, my family, my community, and all those I serve and lead. And I would challenge you to the same. If you don't have a sacred calendar, develop one. If you do have one, stick to it. It doesn't need to look like mine -- but you do need it. you ate a meal without checking the clock? you spent a whole day enjoying a hobby? you took a vacation and disconnected? you had an unstructured, untimed conversation whose sole purpose was to get to know a person? If you have to think a long time about those questions, it's been too long and it's hurting your performance. The journey to get here was difficult; not because of time or money commitment but because it required a new type of thinking and a breaking of bad habits. I had to adjust my definition of success. I had to let go of business associations and community leadership roles in order to simplify my life. It's a process I talk about in my book the Power of Rest, should you have more interest in the topic. But even if not, know that you have the ability to live life from a position of rest, if you're willing to pay the cost. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Dellow Suede Sneaker Sand | Couverture and The Garbstore. The Dellow Sneaker by East London shoe brand Stepney Workers Club is a classic vulcanised sneaker in sand yellow suede with chunky sole detail. Constructed using a combination of traditional methods, the sneaker features a deconstructed upper, premium cushioned flexible sole and a concealed siped tread for improved grip. </s>" <s> Dellow Suede Sneaker Sand | Couverture and The Garbstore. The Dellow Sneaker by East London shoe brand Stepney Workers Club is a classic vulcanised sneaker in sand yellow suede with chunky sole detail. Constructed using a combination of traditional methods, the sneaker features a deconstructed upper, premium cushioned flexible sole and a concealed siped tread for improved grip. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Joomla is a great software for managing content and even blogging. Due to the fact that it is open source, many say that it is not the best choice for a serious project due to insecurity and a bunch of other nonsense reasons. To prove those points wrong and show you that Joomla can be used for serious projects that can go big scale, we are highlighting 5 popular brands that are using Joomla. Danone Company: fresh dairy products, waters, baby nutrition, medical nutrition. Health & nutrition to the core of the strategy. Monaco Yacht – Site of Monaco Yacht Show, the exclusive yacht show. Useful information for preparing a visit to the show and having a complete presentation of the event. Barnes and Noble – Join the NOOK Developer Program to create, market and sell your content and reading-centric applications to millions of book-loving customers! Harvard University: The Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences (GSAS) offers the PhD or AM in 57 programs of study across the Faculty of Arts and Sciences and in conjunction with Harvard’s professional schools. </s>" <s> Joomla is a great software for managing content and even blogging. Due to the fact that it is open source, many say that it is not the best choice for a serious project due to insecurity and a bunch of other nonsense reasons. To prove those points wrong and show you that Joomla can be used for serious projects that can go big scale, we are highlighting 5 popular brands that are using Joomla. Danone Company: fresh dairy products, waters, baby nutrition, medical nutrition. Health & nutrition to the core of the strategy. Monaco Yacht – Site of Monaco Yacht Show, the exclusive yacht show. Useful information for preparing a visit to the show and having a complete presentation of the event. Barnes and Noble – Join the NOOK Developer Program to create, market and sell your content and reading-centric applications to millions of book-loving customers! Harvard University: The Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences (GSAS) offers the PhD or AM in 57 programs of study across the Faculty of Arts and Sciences and in conjunction with Harvard’s professional schools. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> The Minister of Energy, John Peter Amewu, on Friday, September 7, identified power distribution losses as a major challenge facing the energy sector. It is estimated that the nation is losing about eight million dollars weekly, therefore to curb the situation, he said various interventions would be put in place to resolve it. Mr Amewu identified some of the interventions as replacing obsolete equipment like transformers, transmission lines, distribution stations and improving the general distribution systems. He believed the Ghana Power Compact II, which the United States Government had committed US$498.2 million to Ghana under the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) would significantly improve the efficiency of the power sector and enhance economic growth. Mr Amewu told journalists at the sidelines of the second anniversary of the Ghana Power Compact II Entry-Into-Force and launch of Compact II Documentary in Accra. He said efforts was underway to streamline the licensing regime of the petroleum sector, noting that, oil wells would not be given out easily and that competitive bidding process would be instituted to deal with it. He added that plans were far advanced for the first licensing round starting from December this year to January next year, which would engage upstream oil companies in competitive procurement processes. Commenting on the deregulatory policy of the energy sector, Mr Amewu said the power sector had been expanded with different firms handling different task in the power distribution chain, including power transmission, generation, distribution and metering. He said the hallmark of any successful government was collaboration and, therefore, assured that his Ministry would continue collaborating with other Ministries to achieve the desired results. The Minister commended stakeholders in the power sector for the yeoman’s job in fulfilling the conditions and timelines of the Compact, which culminated in the disbursement of the remaining US$190 million tranche from the US$498.2 million grant. Meanwhile, Mr Kenneth James Miller, the Resident Country Director of the MCC, in an interview, said there was a lot of work to be done by Ghana’s power stakeholders in the next three years to attain the Compact deliverables and called for continued co-operation. He said the MCC would put premium on transparency and accountability in the utilisation of the funds to achieve the set targets. He said the MCC would be investing about US$350 million in the Electricity of Ghana’s Financial Operational Turnaround Programme, which would go into infrastructure development such as new transformers, meters, bulk supply points and sub-station to improve electricity reliability and accessibility to businesses and homes. The first compact was worth US$547 million administered from 2007 to 2012, focused on agricultural transformation (agribusiness), while the second Power Compact totalled US$498.2 million, aimed at improving infrastructure in the power sector in Ghana running from 2016 to 2021. </s>" <s> The Minister of Energy, John Peter Amewu, on Friday, September 7, identified power distribution losses as a major challenge facing the energy sector. It is estimated that the nation is losing about eight million dollars weekly, therefore to curb the situation, he said various interventions would be put in place to resolve it. Mr Amewu identified some of the interventions as replacing obsolete equipment like transformers, transmission lines, distribution stations and improving the general distribution systems. He believed the Ghana Power Compact II, which the United States Government had committed US$498.2 million to Ghana under the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) would significantly improve the efficiency of the power sector and enhance economic growth. Mr Amewu told journalists at the sidelines of the second anniversary of the Ghana Power Compact II Entry-Into-Force and launch of Compact II Documentary in Accra. He said efforts was underway to streamline the licensing regime of the petroleum sector, noting that, oil wells would not be given out easily and that competitive bidding process would be instituted to deal with it. He added that plans were far advanced for the first licensing round starting from December this year to January next year, which would engage upstream oil companies in competitive procurement processes. Commenting on the deregulatory policy of the energy sector, Mr Amewu said the power sector had been expanded with different firms handling different task in the power distribution chain, including power transmission, generation, distribution and metering. He said the hallmark of any successful government was collaboration and, therefore, assured that his Ministry would continue collaborating with other Ministries to achieve the desired results. The Minister commended stakeholders in the power sector for the yeoman’s job in fulfilling the conditions and timelines of the Compact, which culminated in the disbursement of the remaining US$190 million tranche from the US$498.2 million grant. Meanwhile, Mr Kenneth James Miller, the Resident Country Director of the MCC, in an interview, said there was a lot of work to be done by Ghana’s power stakeholders in the next three years to attain the Compact deliverables and called for continued co-operation. He said the MCC would put premium on transparency and accountability in the utilisation of the funds to achieve the set targets. He said the MCC would be investing about US$350 million in the Electricity of Ghana’s Financial Operational Turnaround Programme, which would go into infrastructure development such as new transformers, meters, bulk supply points and sub-station to improve electricity reliability and accessibility to businesses and homes. The first compact was worth US$547 million administered from 2007 to 2012, focused on agricultural transformation (agribusiness), while the second Power Compact totalled US$498.2 million, aimed at improving infrastructure in the power sector in Ghana running from 2016 to 2021. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage When you are actually beginning to prepare your wedding event, you need to have everything to be suitable. Don't make it possible for the wedding event to establish the amount of money that you are actually heading to devote. In any event, your black and white wedding event is specific to be complimented for its unique and also stylish style. Alternatively, a little wedding event could consume supper on an extensive veranda ignoring the water. There are actually absolutely elegant techniques to toss an affordable wedding event. Your wedding event will probably be one of the brightest days of your life. No matter how professional and also elegant the wedding event will definitely be, there's specific info that must be consisted of on every wedding event invitation. The informal seashore wedding event is one fantastic principle, however it's only one choice for pairs who want to have their wedding event by the water. There are actually several kinds of wedding event outfits, and also if you will just like a really unique wedding event outfits, you'll have to go to a professional rather than buy off the shelf. An option to comply with if you want a special wedding event garment is to obtain a vintage bridal gown. A handful of out of the ordinary wedding event outfits could be of distinctive colours to generate the garment stick out from the regular traditional white, beige and also off white outfits. Choosing wedding event invites are actually sometimes a challenging selection as the topic of the invitation often over into the topic of the wedding event. Distinct wedding event invites are actually as a lot enjoyable to choose because they are actually meant to get. Elegant wedding invites don't need to have to suggest expensive. An elegant wedding invitation need to incorporate the labels of the individuals that are hosting the wedding event if it's various than the wedding event couple. Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage Bear in mind in regards to customized wedding event invites it is essential that you select a dependable color printer. Customised wedding event invites can supply you with a wide number of superb incorporated benefits. Ensure your customized wedding event invites supply your visitors with a tiny understanding into what they can assume on the time. They are actually an opportunity for you to be unique. Customised wedding event invites grant you the odds of individuality. The varied selection of modern-day wedding event invites with calla lilies will definitely generate the choice process easier as there'll not be any sort of shortage of selections. Along with a little mindful planning, you can have the wedding event you consistently hoped around at a cost that you are actually capable. Wedding celebration favours don't have to be pricey to be elegant, as you can in fact get a considerable amount of course for really little bit of money. Food The absolute most expensive section of the entire wedding event is heading to be the food items for the reception. Outside weddings are actually astoundingly prominent. Just try to remember an elegant wedding does not need to have to cost a considerable amount of money. As a result, whether you choose to select among the elegant weddings favours options or one of the candlestick wedding event favours, you'll be specific to have a found for your attendees that are actually heading to be satisfying to all of them for several years ahead. If you decide on to give eatable wedding event favours, it's an excellent principle to have the favors in recyclable and also cool and trendy containers. As a result the attendees can still maintain the containers as pointers of your unique minute Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage. </s>" <s> Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage When you are actually beginning to prepare your wedding event, you need to have everything to be suitable. Don't make it possible for the wedding event to establish the amount of money that you are actually heading to devote. In any event, your black and white wedding event is specific to be complimented for its unique and also stylish style. Alternatively, a little wedding event could consume supper on an extensive veranda ignoring the water. There are actually absolutely elegant techniques to toss an affordable wedding event. Your wedding event will probably be one of the brightest days of your life. No matter how professional and also elegant the wedding event will definitely be, there's specific info that must be consisted of on every wedding event invitation. The informal seashore wedding event is one fantastic principle, however it's only one choice for pairs who want to have their wedding event by the water. There are actually several kinds of wedding event outfits, and also if you will just like a really unique wedding event outfits, you'll have to go to a professional rather than buy off the shelf. An option to comply with if you want a special wedding event garment is to obtain a vintage bridal gown. A handful of out of the ordinary wedding event outfits could be of distinctive colours to generate the garment stick out from the regular traditional white, beige and also off white outfits. Choosing wedding event invites are actually sometimes a challenging selection as the topic of the invitation often over into the topic of the wedding event. Distinct wedding event invites are actually as a lot enjoyable to choose because they are actually meant to get. Elegant wedding invites don't need to have to suggest expensive. An elegant wedding invitation need to incorporate the labels of the individuals that are hosting the wedding event if it's various than the wedding event couple. Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage Bear in mind in regards to customized wedding event invites it is essential that you select a dependable color printer. Customised wedding event invites can supply you with a wide number of superb incorporated benefits. Ensure your customized wedding event invites supply your visitors with a tiny understanding into what they can assume on the time. They are actually an opportunity for you to be unique. Customised wedding event invites grant you the odds of individuality. The varied selection of modern-day wedding event invites with calla lilies will definitely generate the choice process easier as there'll not be any sort of shortage of selections. Along with a little mindful planning, you can have the wedding event you consistently hoped around at a cost that you are actually capable. Wedding celebration favours don't have to be pricey to be elegant, as you can in fact get a considerable amount of course for really little bit of money. Food The absolute most expensive section of the entire wedding event is heading to be the food items for the reception. Outside weddings are actually astoundingly prominent. Just try to remember an elegant wedding does not need to have to cost a considerable amount of money. As a result, whether you choose to select among the elegant weddings favours options or one of the candlestick wedding event favours, you'll be specific to have a found for your attendees that are actually heading to be satisfying to all of them for several years ahead. If you decide on to give eatable wedding event favours, it's an excellent principle to have the favors in recyclable and also cool and trendy containers. As a result the attendees can still maintain the containers as pointers of your unique minute Wedding Gift Ideas For Older Couples Second Marriage. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Would you like to enjoy spring time even more? Book this special deal now. Stay three nights and pay for only two! Die Preise verstehen sich ohne Kurtaxe von 1,30 Euro. P.p.p.n. </s>" <s> Would you like to enjoy spring time even more? Book this special deal now. Stay three nights and pay for only two! Die Preise verstehen sich ohne Kurtaxe von 1,30 Euro. P.p.p.n. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> A private cloud allows you to scale your server resources in a secured environment just for your data alone. If your security or compliance requirements are strict, you might find that a private cloud may be the right solution for you. Only a private cloud can give you a high degree of control and security because you will be the only tenant in the cloud. We have the expertise required to design, deploy, and operate te private cloud that you need. Our data centres has the infrastructure to operate your cloud, and you will have direct 24x7 access to our cloud professionals. The dedicated environment that a private cloud offers, provides high availability (HA), stability, and redundancy, and.are perfect for clients with predictable hardware requirements. Vodien maintains the servers, storage devices, network and appliances, hypervisor and cloud management infrastructure, and provides dashboards and monitoring tools. A private cloud from Vodien keeps your mission-critical applications up and running, and helps you consolidate hardware and lower your IT spending. Contact us and we'll come up with a custom quote for you! </s>" <s> A private cloud allows you to scale your server resources in a secured environment just for your data alone. If your security or compliance requirements are strict, you might find that a private cloud may be the right solution for you. Only a private cloud can give you a high degree of control and security because you will be the only tenant in the cloud. We have the expertise required to design, deploy, and operate te private cloud that you need. Our data centres has the infrastructure to operate your cloud, and you will have direct 24x7 access to our cloud professionals. The dedicated environment that a private cloud offers, provides high availability (HA), stability, and redundancy, and.are perfect for clients with predictable hardware requirements. Vodien maintains the servers, storage devices, network and appliances, hypervisor and cloud management infrastructure, and provides dashboards and monitoring tools. A private cloud from Vodien keeps your mission-critical applications up and running, and helps you consolidate hardware and lower your IT spending. Contact us and we'll come up with a custom quote for you! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Town theatre of Český Krumlov o.p.s. is a community interest society, whose sole founder is the Town of Český Krumlov. The main function of the Town theatre is to offer quality and diverse cultural programme to town inhabitants of all ages all year long. The education on the secondary school is conducted in the form of four-year daily study with the outcome of secondary education with maturita from Czech and English or German language, arts history, and practical and theoretical part of the relevant field of study. Education / The main idea and aim of the Centre of baroque culture as a part of the Monastery revitalisation project was to create a functional and prospective educational centre, which could primarily serve as a foundation for adoption of the wide complex of baroque arts within the scope of so-called baroque opera. © Monasteries Český Krumlov 2018 | The former monastery of Minorites is in the possession of the Knights of the Cross with the Red Star. The former monastery of Poor Clares is in the possession of the Český Krumlov town. </s>" <s> Town theatre of Český Krumlov o.p.s. is a community interest society, whose sole founder is the Town of Český Krumlov. The main function of the Town theatre is to offer quality and diverse cultural programme to town inhabitants of all ages all year long. The education on the secondary school is conducted in the form of four-year daily study with the outcome of secondary education with maturita from Czech and English or German language, arts history, and practical and theoretical part of the relevant field of study. Education / The main idea and aim of the Centre of baroque culture as a part of the Monastery revitalisation project was to create a functional and prospective educational centre, which could primarily serve as a foundation for adoption of the wide complex of baroque arts within the scope of so-called baroque opera. © Monasteries Český Krumlov 2018 | The former monastery of Minorites is in the possession of the Knights of the Cross with the Red Star. The former monastery of Poor Clares is in the possession of the Český Krumlov town. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Find a Mover saves you time and helps you find a quality mover at the right price. Bowen Hills removalists, big and small are waiting to give you a quote. Bowen Hills moving companies ranging from independant transport providers to large well known removal companies then place quotes to win your business. Finding a mover can be hard work. Finding removal companies that actually service Bowen Hills, ringing around trying to get quotes from each company and trying to understand the differences between each quote is tiresome. Find a Mover helps you do all this with ease, without having to even pick-up the phone. Wecube did an amazing job moving my belongings!! They were quick, easy to talk too and careful with how they loaded and unloaded the truck. They even hooked up my fridge and washing machine at my new property. I Highly recommend these guys for the price. They are an absolute bargain and all round life savers! All good - Thanks Steve! Very happy with their performance. Arrived exactly on time, so helpful and friendly and overall really helpful Thank you so much guys! You can use Find a Mover to get quotes from removalists servicing Bowen Hills and surrounding areas, as well as removalists servicing any suburb throughout Australia. </s>" <s> Find a Mover saves you time and helps you find a quality mover at the right price. Bowen Hills removalists, big and small are waiting to give you a quote. Bowen Hills moving companies ranging from independant transport providers to large well known removal companies then place quotes to win your business. Finding a mover can be hard work. Finding removal companies that actually service Bowen Hills, ringing around trying to get quotes from each company and trying to understand the differences between each quote is tiresome. Find a Mover helps you do all this with ease, without having to even pick-up the phone. Wecube did an amazing job moving my belongings!! They were quick, easy to talk too and careful with how they loaded and unloaded the truck. They even hooked up my fridge and washing machine at my new property. I Highly recommend these guys for the price. They are an absolute bargain and all round life savers! All good - Thanks Steve! Very happy with their performance. Arrived exactly on time, so helpful and friendly and overall really helpful Thank you so much guys! You can use Find a Mover to get quotes from removalists servicing Bowen Hills and surrounding areas, as well as removalists servicing any suburb throughout Australia. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> If you've ever wanted to take a trip to Japan while lamenting your relationship, Snakehips is giving you a taste of just that in their latest video. The UK-based production duo (Oliver Lee and James Carter) have joined forces with former One Direction member Zayn Malik aka ZAYN to deliver the upbeat dance track ""Cruel,"" along with its colorful visuals. The single details a beautiful yet disastrous relationship as ZAYN plays the leading man. Singing, ""Back where we left off / I watch you take your dress off / I been by myself remembering you / How your body hurts me,"" we find the crooner reminiscing about his situationship that he can't quite hold onto. Despite its gloomy lyrics, the instrumentals are jovial and stacked high with dance and elctronic beats that match the neon lights of the visuals. Earlier this year, Snakehips rolled out a few singles from their EP All My Friends, and it looks like ZAYN has joined the friend circle. If you recall, they delivered ""Money on Me,"" with Anderson .Paak and ""Falling,"" the R&B ditty with Malika. With unique sounds and production, the duo keep us guessing and we're curious to see what else they'll unleash in the world. Until then, you can transport yourself into their zone by watching ""Cruel"" featuring ZAYN. If you like what you're hearing, you can purchase the single right now over on iTunes. </s>" <s> If you've ever wanted to take a trip to Japan while lamenting your relationship, Snakehips is giving you a taste of just that in their latest video. The UK-based production duo (Oliver Lee and James Carter) have joined forces with former One Direction member Zayn Malik aka ZAYN to deliver the upbeat dance track """Cruel,""" along with its colorful visuals. The single details a beautiful yet disastrous relationship as ZAYN plays the leading man. Singing, """Back" where we left off / I watch you take your dress off / I been by myself remembering you / How your body hurts "me,""" we find the crooner reminiscing about his situationship that he can't quite hold onto. Despite its gloomy lyrics, the instrumentals are jovial and stacked high with dance and elctronic beats that match the neon lights of the visuals. Earlier this year, Snakehips rolled out a few singles from their EP All My Friends, and it looks like ZAYN has joined the friend circle. If you recall, they delivered """Money" on "Me,""" with Anderson .Paak and """Falling,""" the R&B ditty with Malika. With unique sounds and production, the duo keep us guessing and we're curious to see what else they'll unleash in the world. Until then, you can transport yourself into their zone by watching """Cruel""" featuring ZAYN. If you like what you're hearing, you can purchase the single right now over on iTunes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> In Turner v. Kitchener (City) O.J. No. 4803, there was a mid-trial ruling on the admissibility of an expert report in Small Claims Court. The facts of this case involve a plaintiff who was riding his bike along a recreational trail in Kitchener. It was his regular route and time of travel which put him on the trail at 5:15 am. Earlier that morning vandals had set fire to a bridge along the trail and after investigating, the police and fire personnel had blocked off the bridge with a wooden barricade and yellow caution tape. At trial, the plaintiff attempted to admit into evidence a report from a professional engineer. Defence counsel objected and intended to cross-examine the expert and challenge the admissibility of his report based on the evidence of qualifications. 27(1) of the Courts of Justice Act which provides the Small Claims Court (“SCC”) with the general authority to “accept and act on lower-quality evidence than would otherwise be permitted under the common law rules of evidence”. The deputy judge found no merit in the defendant’s objection to the expert’s qualifications. The expert was a professional engineer and his qualifications to provide the opinion evidence were of the highest quality generally seen in civil courts. </s>" <s> In Turner v. Kitchener (City) O.J. No. 4803, there was a mid-trial ruling on the admissibility of an expert report in Small Claims Court. The facts of this case involve a plaintiff who was riding his bike along a recreational trail in Kitchener. It was his regular route and time of travel which put him on the trail at 5:15 am. Earlier that morning vandals had set fire to a bridge along the trail and after investigating, the police and fire personnel had blocked off the bridge with a wooden barricade and yellow caution tape. At trial, the plaintiff attempted to admit into evidence a report from a professional engineer. Defence counsel objected and intended to cross-examine the expert and challenge the admissibility of his report based on the evidence of qualifications. 27(1) of the Courts of Justice Act which provides the Small Claims Court (“SCC”) with the general authority to “accept and act on lower-quality evidence than would otherwise be permitted under the common law rules of evidence”. The deputy judge found no merit in the defendant’s objection to the expert’s qualifications. The expert was a professional engineer and his qualifications to provide the opinion evidence were of the highest quality generally seen in civil courts. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Greeks considered the olive tree as a priceless gift to mankind. Symbol of peace, prosperity, protection and fertility. Divine gift. Tree of good connected to rebirth and light. Symbol of victory, immortality, euphoria, preservation and life. Symbol of Athletics, Culture, Environment and the Athlete. Ancient Greeks gave, through the Olympic Games, the idea of inoffensive competition throughout athletics. Every 4 years people of ancient Greece sent their best to compete in the Olympic Games in Olympia. During the weeks of this competition in Olympia, every one who fought laid down their weapons and truce was taken place. Greeks then in peace, united, were exploring the limitations of human limits and the perfection of human bodies in a spectacular and well organized way. The Olympic Champions were receiving the highest honor for an athleteΙan olive wreath called “kotinos”. It is said that inside Heras temple in Ancient Olympia Hercules, after the completion of the 12 contests, planted an olive tree that from its branches “kotinos” was made. The olive tree was also the sacred tree of Athens. According to the mythology, goddess Athena offered the olive tree to the people of Athens as a symbol of fertility in order to gain their favor to the competition she had with god Poseidon in after whose name the city would be called. Goddess Athena, was appearing by the people of Athens on coins, wearing a wreath of olive on her helmet and carrying an amphorae filled with oil, or a branch of olive. The gold and ivory statue of Zeus in Olympia, sculpted by Feidias, was decorated with olive branches and it is considered to be one of the seven miracles of the ancient world. Ancient Greeks used oil to lay on the headstones and the sacred rocks, in order to make ritual ceremonies. Greeks were the first to grow olive trees for their precious goods which are olives and oil. The olive tree which harmonically meets with the Greek landscape and the personality of the citizens, carved from the Mediterranean sun and the Aegean winds, has always been an endless inspiration for the Greek spirit and soul. Homer referred to the olive oil as “golden liquid” and Hippocrates as the “great healer”. The most important though is the fact that the olive tree grew and fed countless generations of Greeks, winning its spot as an integral part of the Greek civilization. </s>" <s> Greeks considered the olive tree as a priceless gift to mankind. Symbol of peace, prosperity, protection and fertility. Divine gift. Tree of good connected to rebirth and light. Symbol of victory, immortality, euphoria, preservation and life. Symbol of Athletics, Culture, Environment and the Athlete. Ancient Greeks gave, through the Olympic Games, the idea of inoffensive competition throughout athletics. Every 4 years people of ancient Greece sent their best to compete in the Olympic Games in Olympia. During the weeks of this competition in Olympia, every one who fought laid down their weapons and truce was taken place. Greeks then in peace, united, were exploring the limitations of human limits and the perfection of human bodies in a spectacular and well organized way. The Olympic Champions were receiving the highest honor for an athleteΙan olive wreath called “kotinos”. It is said that inside Heras temple in Ancient Olympia Hercules, after the completion of the 12 contests, planted an olive tree that from its branches “kotinos” was made. The olive tree was also the sacred tree of Athens. According to the mythology, goddess Athena offered the olive tree to the people of Athens as a symbol of fertility in order to gain their favor to the competition she had with god Poseidon in after whose name the city would be called. Goddess Athena, was appearing by the people of Athens on coins, wearing a wreath of olive on her helmet and carrying an amphorae filled with oil, or a branch of olive. The gold and ivory statue of Zeus in Olympia, sculpted by Feidias, was decorated with olive branches and it is considered to be one of the seven miracles of the ancient world. Ancient Greeks used oil to lay on the headstones and the sacred rocks, in order to make ritual ceremonies. Greeks were the first to grow olive trees for their precious goods which are olives and oil. The olive tree which harmonically meets with the Greek landscape and the personality of the citizens, carved from the Mediterranean sun and the Aegean winds, has always been an endless inspiration for the Greek spirit and soul. Homer referred to the olive oil as “golden liquid” and Hippocrates as the “great healer”. The most important though is the fact that the olive tree grew and fed countless generations of Greeks, winning its spot as an integral part of the Greek civilization. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> ONE NIGHT ONLY: Flying in from Europe on their private jet, Herr Metal joins DC's own awared-winning ultimate 80s Tribute, The Reflex. 80s hair metal band Herr Metal. Ultimate 80s tribute band The Reflex. One stage. One night. At no other time has so much talent, awesomeness, and pure unadulterated power been in one place at one time. This once in a LIFETIME show is the one and only show you ever need to see. </s>" <s> ONE NIGHT ONLY: Flying in from Europe on their private jet, Herr Metal joins DC's own awared-winning ultimate 80s Tribute, The Reflex. 80s hair metal band Herr Metal. Ultimate 80s tribute band The Reflex. One stage. One night. At no other time has so much talent, awesomeness, and pure unadulterated power been in one place at one time. This once in a LIFETIME show is the one and only show you ever need to see. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Hezekiah has been praised as a godly king, second only to David. He led the reformation of Israel recorded in these passages of 2 Chronicles. The book in general has been described as one that emphasises the importance of ritual and worship. Yet in the midst of reinstituting the Passover, an important balancing perspective is presented. The Passover was to be celebrated by those who were ceremonially clean (Numbers 9:6). Hezekiah was aware that some of those celebrating the Passover with him were unclean, and that this violated the Law (2 Chronicles 30:18). Ethical dilemmas often arise because we are unable to obey two rules or follow two principles at the same time. Is stealing food acceptable to feed a starving child? Is lying to authorities acceptable to bring much-needed help to someone? Is breaking the rules about being clean okay in obeying the rule to celebrate the Passover? Hezekiah provides some important guidance, and the passage records that God was satisfied with his approach (v. 20). He accepts that those who are unclean are breaking the rules and need forgiveness. But he is also confident that God will forgive them, and prays to this effect. This is not an isolated exemption. When giving Moses the Passover rules, God noted two exemptions (Numbers 9:6-12). When people were unclean because of a dead body, or were on a journey, they could still celebrate the Passover. As a general principle, God is more concerned about mercy than sacrifice (Hosea 6:6). He is less concerned about burnt offerings than he is about people’s hearts (Psalm 51:16-17). Jesus confirmed this prioritisation of people over procedures. When the Pharisees complained about Jesus’ disciples picking food on the Sabbath, he reminded them of some other Old Testament exemptions (Matthew 12:1-8). While fleeing from King Saul, David and his companions ate the consecrated bread in the tabernacle (1 Samuel 21-22), which only priests were allowed to do (Leviticus 24:5-9). In addition, priests were required to work on the Sabbath (Numbers 28:9-10), even though this in itself violated the Sabbath. These passages reveal a degree of flexibility and humane understanding in God’s mercy and love. While rules and regulations have their place, they should not keep people from God. As Jesus goes on to say, doing good to save a sheep on the Sabbath is not wrong, even if technically it might violate the Sabbath (Matthew 12:11-12). Likewise, Hezekiah recognised that people seeking the Lord with their hearts should not be denied just because they violate some procedural rules. True violations require forgiveness, which God is willing to provide. As we grapple with true moral dilemmas, we may have to choose between the lesser of two evils. We may not have an ethically neutral option, as even doing nothing may be morally tainted. The lesser evil will remain wrong, but may be the best option available. Such is life in a fallen world where an ideal option may not be available. Thankfully, God is merciful and forgiving. We should likewise show mercy and empathy after others have done their best in a bad situation. If they grapple with guilt and remorse, we should contribute to their healing and restoration, not pile on additional burdens. </s>" <s> Hezekiah has been praised as a godly king, second only to David. He led the reformation of Israel recorded in these passages of 2 Chronicles. The book in general has been described as one that emphasises the importance of ritual and worship. Yet in the midst of reinstituting the Passover, an important balancing perspective is presented. The Passover was to be celebrated by those who were ceremonially clean (Numbers 9:6). Hezekiah was aware that some of those celebrating the Passover with him were unclean, and that this violated the Law (2 Chronicles 30:18). Ethical dilemmas often arise because we are unable to obey two rules or follow two principles at the same time. Is stealing food acceptable to feed a starving child? Is lying to authorities acceptable to bring much-needed help to someone? Is breaking the rules about being clean okay in obeying the rule to celebrate the Passover? Hezekiah provides some important guidance, and the passage records that God was satisfied with his approach (v. 20). He accepts that those who are unclean are breaking the rules and need forgiveness. But he is also confident that God will forgive them, and prays to this effect. This is not an isolated exemption. When giving Moses the Passover rules, God noted two exemptions (Numbers 9:6-12). When people were unclean because of a dead body, or were on a journey, they could still celebrate the Passover. As a general principle, God is more concerned about mercy than sacrifice (Hosea 6:6). He is less concerned about burnt offerings than he is about people’s hearts (Psalm 51:16-17). Jesus confirmed this prioritisation of people over procedures. When the Pharisees complained about Jesus’ disciples picking food on the Sabbath, he reminded them of some other Old Testament exemptions (Matthew 12:1-8). While fleeing from King Saul, David and his companions ate the consecrated bread in the tabernacle (1 Samuel 21-22), which only priests were allowed to do (Leviticus 24:5-9). In addition, priests were required to work on the Sabbath (Numbers 28:9-10), even though this in itself violated the Sabbath. These passages reveal a degree of flexibility and humane understanding in God’s mercy and love. While rules and regulations have their place, they should not keep people from God. As Jesus goes on to say, doing good to save a sheep on the Sabbath is not wrong, even if technically it might violate the Sabbath (Matthew 12:11-12). Likewise, Hezekiah recognised that people seeking the Lord with their hearts should not be denied just because they violate some procedural rules. True violations require forgiveness, which God is willing to provide. As we grapple with true moral dilemmas, we may have to choose between the lesser of two evils. We may not have an ethically neutral option, as even doing nothing may be morally tainted. The lesser evil will remain wrong, but may be the best option available. Such is life in a fallen world where an ideal option may not be available. Thankfully, God is merciful and forgiving. We should likewise show mercy and empathy after others have done their best in a bad situation. If they grapple with guilt and remorse, we should contribute to their healing and restoration, not pile on additional burdens. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Bartizan’s iLeads lets exhibitors immediately identify best prospects to prove ROI. NEW YORK, New York— June 15, 2011— The 2011 Mobile Health Expo has announced the selection of Bartizan Connects’ first-of-its-kind iLeads App as its lead retrieval system offered to all exhibitors. iLeads is a lead retrieval software application created specifically for smartphones. To download iLead App exhibitors may go to the Apple App Store within iTunes and search for ‘iLeads’ or to the Android Market and search for ‘iLeads’. iLeads Mobile App for use with exhibitors own iPhone®, iPod touch®, iPad® or AndroidTM phone. It’s the world’s first lead retrieval app that enables exhibitors to collect trade show leads. All leads immediately uploaded to secure website for easy retrieval and lead management. Winner of TSEA’s Breakthrough Award and Tradeshow Executive’s Innovation Award. The spring 2011 Mobile Health Expo will be held at the Jacob Javits Center, New York, NY on Tuesday, June 21, 2011 to Thursday, June 23, 2011. Mobile Health Expo is the only event focusing on the convergence of mobile technology and healthcare across the entire mobile health ecosystem, including mhealth, telemedicine, wireless and connected health. </s>" <s> Bartizan’s iLeads lets exhibitors immediately identify best prospects to prove ROI. NEW YORK, New York— June 15, 2011— The 2011 Mobile Health Expo has announced the selection of Bartizan Connects’ first-of-its-kind iLeads App as its lead retrieval system offered to all exhibitors. iLeads is a lead retrieval software application created specifically for smartphones. To download iLead App exhibitors may go to the Apple App Store within iTunes and search for ‘iLeads’ or to the Android Market and search for ‘iLeads’. iLeads Mobile App for use with exhibitors own iPhone®, iPod touch®, iPad® or AndroidTM phone. It’s the world’s first lead retrieval app that enables exhibitors to collect trade show leads. All leads immediately uploaded to secure website for easy retrieval and lead management. Winner of TSEA’s Breakthrough Award and Tradeshow Executive’s Innovation Award. The spring 2011 Mobile Health Expo will be held at the Jacob Javits Center, New York, NY on Tuesday, June 21, 2011 to Thursday, June 23, 2011. Mobile Health Expo is the only event focusing on the convergence of mobile technology and healthcare across the entire mobile health ecosystem, including mhealth, telemedicine, wireless and connected health. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Any woman may join who has a strong interest in volunteerism and is at least 21 years of age. To learn more about our community service projects, please visit our community service projects page. We welcome you to attend our monthly meetings and other events to familiarize yourself with our organization and members. Our meetings are held the first Tuesday of the month The Caswell House. Social time starts at 5:45pm with the business meeting following at 6:30pm. We would love to answer any questions you have concerning membership in AJF. Please feel free to contact us. If you are ready to commit for the coming membership year, you may pay your New Member Initiation Fee online. Full membership dues are requested of new members by April 15. You can pay the full dues here. April 15--Full membership dues deadline. June 1--Official New Member Year Begins! **Note: You are also welcome to attend any General Meeting during the spring. AJF meets on the first Tuesday of each month at the Caswell House. Social hour begins at 5:45pm and the meeting begins at 6:30pm. </s>" <s> Any woman may join who has a strong interest in volunteerism and is at least 21 years of age. To learn more about our community service projects, please visit our community service projects page. We welcome you to attend our monthly meetings and other events to familiarize yourself with our organization and members. Our meetings are held the first Tuesday of the month The Caswell House. Social time starts at 5:45pm with the business meeting following at 6:30pm. We would love to answer any questions you have concerning membership in AJF. Please feel free to contact us. If you are ready to commit for the coming membership year, you may pay your New Member Initiation Fee online. Full membership dues are requested of new members by April 15. You can pay the full dues here. April 15--Full membership dues deadline. June 1--Official New Member Year Begins! **Note: You are also welcome to attend any General Meeting during the spring. AJF meets on the first Tuesday of each month at the Caswell House. Social hour begins at 5:45pm and the meeting begins at 6:30pm. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Ask your mystery men five questions and choose the guy whose answers you like best. Talk to guys and discover what happened in a sealed amusement park. Trapped in an amusement park, your time will end when your number reaches zero. The number is displayed on your phone and its battery correlates with your energy. </s>" <s> Ask your mystery men five questions and choose the guy whose answers you like best. Talk to guys and discover what happened in a sealed amusement park. Trapped in an amusement park, your time will end when your number reaches zero. The number is displayed on your phone and its battery correlates with your energy. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Themed as ""Take a Stand: Delivering on the Global Goals"", the International CSR Summit 2019 aims to influence business decision makers to aggressively deliver on the 2030 agenda through its 17 Sustainable Development Goals and focuses on sending an urgent message to the world that we need to take a stand, to be more ambitious in our actions to create a better world through circular economy, a sustainability-competent and low-carbon future. The summit will gather more than 300 world's top CSR thinkers, experts, speakers, government officials and business leaders from across 24 countries in Asia to discuss about the most stirring conversations in CSR today in deliberating new forward-thinking solutions to society issues. Rethinking Business Models: Identify new opportunities and innovations, long term strategies, policies, that help your business deliver postive social and climate impacts. Impactful Partnerships: Establishing coalitions across sectors, the more coalitions the greater the extent towards potential actions against climate change and sustainability issues. Ambistious Leadership Matters: Identify the targets leaders should set to drive actions to achieve the 2030 agenda, making climate change and sustainability considerations as board relevant, and transform risks into future opportunities. Innovate and Lead: Discover some of the leading innovations, smart technologies and renewables that are driving a low carbon and sustainable future. Transparency and Integrity: Utilizing data and technologies which make supply chains more transparent, to know if human rights are infringed upon. Financing the Goals: Boosting partnerships between public-private sectors to mobilise resources for climate action and to aide poor countries, internal carbon pricing, working with partners to lower emissions across all value chains. Circular Approach: Embracing circular thinking across the value chain to achieve a clean and smart future. To purchase for the summit tickets, kindly visit ics2019.eventbrite.hk. </s>" <s> Themed as """Take" a Stand: Delivering on the Global "Goals""," the International CSR Summit 2019 aims to influence business decision makers to aggressively deliver on the 2030 agenda through its 17 Sustainable Development Goals and focuses on sending an urgent message to the world that we need to take a stand, to be more ambitious in our actions to create a better world through circular economy, a sustainability-competent and low-carbon future. The summit will gather more than 300 world's top CSR thinkers, experts, speakers, government officials and business leaders from across 24 countries in Asia to discuss about the most stirring conversations in CSR today in deliberating new forward-thinking solutions to society issues. Rethinking Business Models: Identify new opportunities and innovations, long term strategies, policies, that help your business deliver postive social and climate impacts. Impactful Partnerships: Establishing coalitions across sectors, the more coalitions the greater the extent towards potential actions against climate change and sustainability issues. Ambistious Leadership Matters: Identify the targets leaders should set to drive actions to achieve the 2030 agenda, making climate change and sustainability considerations as board relevant, and transform risks into future opportunities. Innovate and Lead: Discover some of the leading innovations, smart technologies and renewables that are driving a low carbon and sustainable future. Transparency and Integrity: Utilizing data and technologies which make supply chains more transparent, to know if human rights are infringed upon. Financing the Goals: Boosting partnerships between public-private sectors to mobilise resources for climate action and to aide poor countries, internal carbon pricing, working with partners to lower emissions across all value chains. Circular Approach: Embracing circular thinking across the value chain to achieve a clean and smart future. To purchase for the summit tickets, kindly visit ics2019.eventbrite.hk. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> I'm squeaking in at the last minute with an entry for the Craft Barn song title challenge this month. Mickie has chosen ""Parisienne Walkways"" for us - as usual, the song title and artist should be included and I've stuck with the postcard format I've been using for this challenge. There are things I would do differently if I was doing this again but it's the last day of the challenge and I don't have time to do a re-make, I'm afraid! I'm reluctant to miss a month though so here it is, even if I'm not 100% happy with it! About my old Parisienne days"" as the starting point, stamping a paragraph in the centre of the card. I added the song title and Gary Moore's name in my own handwriting then stamped the Eiffel Tower, the number 49 and some art nouveau style detail before sponging the edges with blue ink. Love it! One of my most favourite songs too! </s>" <s> I'm squeaking in at the last minute with an entry for the Craft Barn song title challenge this month. Mickie has chosen """Parisienne" "Walkways""" for us - as usual, the song title and artist should be included and I've stuck with the postcard format I've been using for this challenge. There are things I would do differently if I was doing this again but it's the last day of the challenge and I don't have time to do a re-make, I'm afraid! I'm reluctant to miss a month though so here it is, even if I'm not 100% happy with it! About my old Parisienne "days""" as the starting point, stamping a paragraph in the centre of the card. I added the song title and Gary Moore's name in my own handwriting then stamped the Eiffel Tower, the number 49 and some art nouveau style detail before sponging the edges with blue ink. Love it! One of my most favourite songs too! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> It is the 11th installment in an annual event filled with racing history. Starting in 2003 in Ontario, Canada at Mosport International Raceway and has been held at different historic villages with racetracks in the forefront all over North America. With locations like Watkins Glen, Road Atlanta, Laguna Seca, and other race tracks, this installment for 2013 should prove to be the largest and most historic of them all. The Village of Elkhart Lake, WI is alive with racing influence and sights that any motor sports fan can relish for life. From the old course still in place with landmarks like turn five, The Hard Left, to the start/finish line distinctly marked in the background of the famous Seibken's Resort and Tavern. Elegance, style, ambiance are all felt while standing in the center of it all. Did Paul Newman sit in this very chair? Did Kas Kastner stay in this room? The mind can't help but wander off into thoughts of high revs and tire smoke. The prominence and prestige of the rich and famous, the finer things right before your very eyes. Even visiting the small village's benefits like quaint antique shops, personable cafes, and local villagers' smiles and welcoming waves, all with the sweet song of horsepower in the distance. This weekend will be filled with ""can't miss"" events. Take in a stroll around the green terrain, eat at a five star restaurant, order a drink at Seibken's Bar, enjoy the Gather on the Green Vintage Car Show near the old start/finish line in the Osthoff Luxury Resort courtyard, or hang out at the track all day and soak up the sights and sounds that are only present at this event. If you have a car, you are in for a special treat. There will be Old Course reenactments, tour laps at Road America, and wind in your hair while following vintage cars wanting to be a part of it all just like you. This promises to be a touch of it all. A hint of the honor and glory of yester-years. Not only will there be racing, but it will be a display of how things used to be. Real men in rockets on the razor's edge in cars that are rebuilt to specs of their prime. 40, 50, 60 year old cars humming a tune of power around Canada corner and up the hill towards the tower. Spectators, aptly pegged ""Fence Monkeys"" peering around the corners trying to get a glimpse of days of glory past. The smell of burnt rubber and exhaust fumes ever present at every corner of this ""4 Miles of Black Magic"". This will be the place to be, the thing to do, and will coexist with the VSCDA's Elkhart Lake Vintage Festival starting September 6th and continuing through September 8th. The Kastner Cup will be the crown jewel of this entire weekend. Someone will be awarded the prestigious Kastner Cup. It won't necessarily be the fastest driver. It is possible to win twice, just not consecutively, but I guarantee they will be pushing as hard as everyone else. There is yet to be a repeat winner. The Kastner Cup is based on 50% track performance, 25% car presentation, and 25% attitude and interest in Vintage Racing. Come be a part of it all. Take in all the sights and sounds that this once in a lifetime experience has to offer. Whether you are a racer or spectator, we promise you will develop fond memories and meet people with the same passion and love for vintage cars and the lifestyle that comes with being a custodian of such works of art, displays of form and function, and historic drivers alike. There will be more info coming on package deals exclusively to Friends of Triumph, VTR, TRA, 6 PAK, VSCDA, ELVF, and NASS members. These packages will include welcome dinner (Friday night) with Kas Kastner, old course re-enactment, crew assignments for the famous Triumph TR 250K, prime paddock parking (Triumphs only), Gather on the Green car show on the Osthoff Resort lawn, Road America track touring, and much more for the whole weekend. Everyone with packages and a Triumph will be able to take a pre-grid lap of Road America on Sunday before the Kastner Cup. For package info and forms, email Shawn Frank at my71spit13@yahoo.com. Please share this with others that may be interested in attending this epic, once-in-a-lifetime event. </s>" <s> It is the 11th installment in an annual event filled with racing history. Starting in 2003 in Ontario, Canada at Mosport International Raceway and has been held at different historic villages with racetracks in the forefront all over North America. With locations like Watkins Glen, Road Atlanta, Laguna Seca, and other race tracks, this installment for 2013 should prove to be the largest and most historic of them all. The Village of Elkhart Lake, WI is alive with racing influence and sights that any motor sports fan can relish for life. From the old course still in place with landmarks like turn five, The Hard Left, to the start/finish line distinctly marked in the background of the famous Seibken's Resort and Tavern. Elegance, style, ambiance are all felt while standing in the center of it all. Did Paul Newman sit in this very chair? Did Kas Kastner stay in this room? The mind can't help but wander off into thoughts of high revs and tire smoke. The prominence and prestige of the rich and famous, the finer things right before your very eyes. Even visiting the small village's benefits like quaint antique shops, personable cafes, and local villagers' smiles and welcoming waves, all with the sweet song of horsepower in the distance. This weekend will be filled with """can't" "miss""" events. Take in a stroll around the green terrain, eat at a five star restaurant, order a drink at Seibken's Bar, enjoy the Gather on the Green Vintage Car Show near the old start/finish line in the Osthoff Luxury Resort courtyard, or hang out at the track all day and soak up the sights and sounds that are only present at this event. If you have a car, you are in for a special treat. There will be Old Course reenactments, tour laps at Road America, and wind in your hair while following vintage cars wanting to be a part of it all just like you. This promises to be a touch of it all. A hint of the honor and glory of yester-years. Not only will there be racing, but it will be a display of how things used to be. Real men in rockets on the razor's edge in cars that are rebuilt to specs of their prime. 40, 50, 60 year old cars humming a tune of power around Canada corner and up the hill towards the tower. Spectators, aptly pegged """Fence" "Monkeys""" peering around the corners trying to get a glimpse of days of glory past. The smell of burnt rubber and exhaust fumes ever present at every corner of this """4" Miles of Black "Magic""." This will be the place to be, the thing to do, and will coexist with the VSCDA's Elkhart Lake Vintage Festival starting September 6th and continuing through September 8th. The Kastner Cup will be the crown jewel of this entire weekend. Someone will be awarded the prestigious Kastner Cup. It won't necessarily be the fastest driver. It is possible to win twice, just not consecutively, but I guarantee they will be pushing as hard as everyone else. There is yet to be a repeat winner. The Kastner Cup is based on 50% track performance, 25% car presentation, and 25% attitude and interest in Vintage Racing. Come be a part of it all. Take in all the sights and sounds that this once in a lifetime experience has to offer. Whether you are a racer or spectator, we promise you will develop fond memories and meet people with the same passion and love for vintage cars and the lifestyle that comes with being a custodian of such works of art, displays of form and function, and historic drivers alike. There will be more info coming on package deals exclusively to Friends of Triumph, VTR, TRA, 6 PAK, VSCDA, ELVF, and NASS members. These packages will include welcome dinner (Friday night) with Kas Kastner, old course re-enactment, crew assignments for the famous Triumph TR 250K, prime paddock parking (Triumphs only), Gather on the Green car show on the Osthoff Resort lawn, Road America track touring, and much more for the whole weekend. Everyone with packages and a Triumph will be able to take a pre-grid lap of Road America on Sunday before the Kastner Cup. For package info and forms, email Shawn Frank at my71spit13@yahoo.com. Please share this with others that may be interested in attending this epic, once-in-a-lifetime event. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Pollen is the key asthma and allergy trigger in the garden. If you are sensitive, avoid spending time outdoors on high pollen count days, on windy days and just before or during thunderstorms throughout pollen season. If you know what pollens you are allergic to, you may be able to take some steps to reduce your exposure. Also consider whether you can help stop allergens outside from causing problems inside. Look for products with air-purifying filters that target your family’s triggers, such as pollen and pollution. Don’t forget the cabin air filters in your car. Some people are sensitive to the effects of chlorine in pools and spas. Fortunately, there are now options that avoid chlorine and bromine, but still keep pools and spas clean. Check out the approved products and services that may help you avoid garden and outdoor allergens. </s>" <s> Pollen is the key asthma and allergy trigger in the garden. If you are sensitive, avoid spending time outdoors on high pollen count days, on windy days and just before or during thunderstorms throughout pollen season. If you know what pollens you are allergic to, you may be able to take some steps to reduce your exposure. Also consider whether you can help stop allergens outside from causing problems inside. Look for products with air-purifying filters that target your family’s triggers, such as pollen and pollution. Don’t forget the cabin air filters in your car. Some people are sensitive to the effects of chlorine in pools and spas. Fortunately, there are now options that avoid chlorine and bromine, but still keep pools and spas clean. Check out the approved products and services that may help you avoid garden and outdoor allergens. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> SUMO Affiliates is a WooCommerce Affiliate System. Using this plugin, logged in users can apply and become Affiliates and promote the products in the site. Whenever a user purchases a product by using an Affiliate Link, the Affiliate associated with the link will earn commission for the purchase. How to Install SUMO Affiliates? 1. Download the latest version file (sumoaffiliates.zip) of SUMO Affiliates from Codecanyon. 2. Unzip sumoaffiliates.zip inside which you will find the Plugins files i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip. 3. Install the latest version of SUMO Affiliates i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip using WordPress Dashboard. How to Upgrade to a newer version of SUMO Affiliates? If you are using an older version and want to upgrade to the latest version of SUMO Affiliates then please do the following steps. 1. Deactivate and Delete the existing version of SUMO Affiliates in your site. 2. Download the latest version file (sumoaffiliates.zip) of SUMO Affiliates from Codecanyon. 3. Unzip sumoaffiliates.zip inside which you will find the Plugins files i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip. 4. Install the latest version of SUMO affiliates i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip using WordPress Dashboard. </s>" <s> SUMO Affiliates is a WooCommerce Affiliate System. Using this plugin, logged in users can apply and become Affiliates and promote the products in the site. Whenever a user purchases a product by using an Affiliate Link, the Affiliate associated with the link will earn commission for the purchase. How to Install SUMO Affiliates? 1. Download the latest version file (sumoaffiliates.zip) of SUMO Affiliates from Codecanyon. 2. Unzip sumoaffiliates.zip inside which you will find the Plugins files i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip. 3. Install the latest version of SUMO Affiliates i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip using WordPress Dashboard. How to Upgrade to a newer version of SUMO Affiliates? If you are using an older version and want to upgrade to the latest version of SUMO Affiliates then please do the following steps. 1. Deactivate and Delete the existing version of SUMO Affiliates in your site. 2. Download the latest version file (sumoaffiliates.zip) of SUMO Affiliates from Codecanyon. 3. Unzip sumoaffiliates.zip inside which you will find the Plugins files i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip. 4. Install the latest version of SUMO affiliates i.e. sumoaffiliates.zip using WordPress Dashboard. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> John Richard Wadell was assigned to the 1st Marine Division COB, 1BN, 7MAR, 1MARDIV, FMF. Please contact us with any biographical data, pictures or other information regarding the service and life of John Wadell, Purple Heart recipient. The contained information on John Richard Wadell is gathered and extracted from military records from a variety of sources. This material in no way represents this serviceman's complete military record; we welcome additional material. If you can help add to John Wadell's military record please contact us. This can include award citations and photos. </s>" <s> John Richard Wadell was assigned to the 1st Marine Division COB, 1BN, 7MAR, 1MARDIV, FMF. Please contact us with any biographical data, pictures or other information regarding the service and life of John Wadell, Purple Heart recipient. The contained information on John Richard Wadell is gathered and extracted from military records from a variety of sources. This material in no way represents this serviceman's complete military record; we welcome additional material. If you can help add to John Wadell's military record please contact us. This can include award citations and photos. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Such a system ensures that those who trade binary options with UK binary options brokers are people of repute who have no links with criminal activity whatsoever. Choosing a reliable binary options broker can be a hard decision so we recommend to check our list before joining any broker. 4 Questions That Traders Must Ask To Properly Compare a Binary Options Broker. Learn How To Compare Brokers So There Are No Problems. Find the best binary options brokers and resources for your trading. News, strategies and binary options signals reviews. Trade at the next level! Welcome to ‘Easy Binary Option’. Binary Option Brokers. If you want to trade with binary options for real money you need a reliable broker that you can trust. © Cheap binary options brokers Binary Option | Cheap binary options brokers Best binary options. </s>" <s> Such a system ensures that those who trade binary options with UK binary options brokers are people of repute who have no links with criminal activity whatsoever. Choosing a reliable binary options broker can be a hard decision so we recommend to check our list before joining any broker. 4 Questions That Traders Must Ask To Properly Compare a Binary Options Broker. Learn How To Compare Brokers So There Are No Problems. Find the best binary options brokers and resources for your trading. News, strategies and binary options signals reviews. Trade at the next level! Welcome to ‘Easy Binary Option’. Binary Option Brokers. If you want to trade with binary options for real money you need a reliable broker that you can trust. © Cheap binary options brokers Binary Option | Cheap binary options brokers Best binary options. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Church rebranding. Logo design and implantation across print and electronic media. Logo Design - ""C"" logo mark is intentionally twisted to remind the church that broken people go into it's buildings and they should be coming out heading in a new and life-changing direction. </s>" <s> Church rebranding. Logo design and implantation across print and electronic media. Logo Design - """C""" logo mark is intentionally twisted to remind the church that broken people go into it's buildings and they should be coming out heading in a new and life-changing direction. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Failure of defense counsel to adequately investigate and present at penalty hearing the deprivations and traumas of the defendant’s past as mitigation evidence may constitute ineffective assistance of counsel and entitle defendant to a new penalty phase hearing. Background: Renard Daniel was convicted of murder and sentenced to death. He filed for habeas corpus alleging ineffective assistance of counsel at the guilt and penalty phases of his trial. Daniel claimed that counsel was deficient in investigating and presenting mitigating evidence and rebutting aggravating evidence. Daniel’s childhood included witnessing his mother kill his father when he was three years old, being sexually abused by his stepfather for several years beginning when he was nine years old, and a history of borderline intellectual functioning. Daniel’s petition claimed that the sentencing judge and jury heard none of these details, and that the failure to present this evidence also prejudiced the outcome of the penalty phase of his trial. The District court, for procedural and substantive reasons, denied his claim. Daniel appealed to the Circuit court. Holding: The Second Circuit looked to the American Bar Association (ABA) guidelines to evaluate the standard for investigations into mitigating evidence. The ABA suggests that investigations “should comprise efforts to discover all reasonably available mitigating evidence and evidence to rebut any aggravating evidence that may be introduced by the prosecutor.” The court found that Daniel’s trial counsel made no meaningful contact with Daniel’s mother, siblings, or mental health professionals and actually ignored the family’s request to inform him of Daniel’s extensive history of intellectual disabilities and being sexually abused. The court found that any reasonable and competent attorney would have made a deeper investigation of Daniel’s history, and thus there was enough evidence to bring an ineffective assistance of counsel claim. The court noted that evidence of mental problems, childhood abuse, and non-violent characterizations of past crimes is inherently mitigating and could change the jury’s mindset. It also found that the district court’s conclusion that Daniel failed to plead how he was prejudiced was an unreasonable application of Supreme Court precedent and federal law. </s>" <s> Failure of defense counsel to adequately investigate and present at penalty hearing the deprivations and traumas of the defendant’s past as mitigation evidence may constitute ineffective assistance of counsel and entitle defendant to a new penalty phase hearing. Background: Renard Daniel was convicted of murder and sentenced to death. He filed for habeas corpus alleging ineffective assistance of counsel at the guilt and penalty phases of his trial. Daniel claimed that counsel was deficient in investigating and presenting mitigating evidence and rebutting aggravating evidence. Daniel’s childhood included witnessing his mother kill his father when he was three years old, being sexually abused by his stepfather for several years beginning when he was nine years old, and a history of borderline intellectual functioning. Daniel’s petition claimed that the sentencing judge and jury heard none of these details, and that the failure to present this evidence also prejudiced the outcome of the penalty phase of his trial. The District court, for procedural and substantive reasons, denied his claim. Daniel appealed to the Circuit court. Holding: The Second Circuit looked to the American Bar Association (ABA) guidelines to evaluate the standard for investigations into mitigating evidence. The ABA suggests that investigations “should comprise efforts to discover all reasonably available mitigating evidence and evidence to rebut any aggravating evidence that may be introduced by the prosecutor.” The court found that Daniel’s trial counsel made no meaningful contact with Daniel’s mother, siblings, or mental health professionals and actually ignored the family’s request to inform him of Daniel’s extensive history of intellectual disabilities and being sexually abused. The court found that any reasonable and competent attorney would have made a deeper investigation of Daniel’s history, and thus there was enough evidence to bring an ineffective assistance of counsel claim. The court noted that evidence of mental problems, childhood abuse, and non-violent characterizations of past crimes is inherently mitigating and could change the jury’s mindset. It also found that the district court’s conclusion that Daniel failed to plead how he was prejudiced was an unreasonable application of Supreme Court precedent and federal law. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> NIGEL DUPREE BAND - ""If You Put A Bunch Of Musicians In A Hotel Room The Furniture Will Be Glued To The Ceiling"" Nigel Dupree, frontman of the NIGEL DUPREE BAND and son of JACKYL frontman Jesse James Dupree, is featured in a new interview with Classic Rock Revisited founder Jeb Wright. An excerpt is available below. Jeb: Did you ever tour with your dad as a kid? Nigel: ""I had the pleasure of growing up on the bus with them. If I didn't make it to school on Monday, the teachers would just Fedex my work. I don't think that was legal then, but you definitely can't get away with that now."" Jeb: Did you pick up any rock star influences? You know, alcohol, drugs, groupies... Or are you taking this more seriously than that? Nigel: ""We keep in under control. All those things make rock 'n' roll, its where the songs come from."" Jeb: What is the biggest misconception people have about being in a professional band? Nigel: ""That its a cakewalk. We spend hours driving, working on songs, networking with fine people like yourself, and there is still this idea that all we do is the shower, shave, and well... you get the point."" Jeb: What rock 'n' roll stereotype is the most true? Nigel: ""If you put a bunch musicians in a hotel room the furniture will be glued to the ceiling."" </s>" <s> NIGEL DUPREE BAND - """If" You Put A Bunch Of Musicians In A Hotel Room The Furniture Will Be Glued To The "Ceiling""" Nigel Dupree, frontman of the NIGEL DUPREE BAND and son of JACKYL frontman Jesse James Dupree, is featured in a new interview with Classic Rock Revisited founder Jeb Wright. An excerpt is available below. Jeb: Did you ever tour with your dad as a kid? Nigel: """I" had the pleasure of growing up on the bus with them. If I didn't make it to school on Monday, the teachers would just Fedex my work. I don't think that was legal then, but you definitely can't get away with that "now.""" Jeb: Did you pick up any rock star influences? You know, alcohol, drugs, groupies... Or are you taking this more seriously than that? Nigel: """We" keep in under control. All those things make rock 'n' roll, its where the songs come "from.""" Jeb: What is the biggest misconception people have about being in a professional band? Nigel: """That" its a cakewalk. We spend hours driving, working on songs, networking with fine people like yourself, and there is still this idea that all we do is the shower, shave, and well... you get the "point.""" Jeb: What rock 'n' roll stereotype is the most true? Nigel: """If" you put a bunch musicians in a hotel room the furniture will be glued to the "ceiling.""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Located at 1410 Blanshard St, Victoria, BC, Tim Hortons is the perfect place to go for great-tasting, freshly brewed coffee. Our coffee is made with 100% Arabica beans, sourced from the world's most renowned growing regions. We also offer specialty beverages including lattes, cappuccinos, espresso, iced and frozen coffee, hot chocolate and tea. </s>" <s> Located at 1410 Blanshard St, Victoria, BC, Tim Hortons is the perfect place to go for great-tasting, freshly brewed coffee. Our coffee is made with 100% Arabica beans, sourced from the world's most renowned growing regions. We also offer specialty beverages including lattes, cappuccinos, espresso, iced and frozen coffee, hot chocolate and tea. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Environmental Health is concerned with aspects of both the natural and built environment that have the potential to affect human health. Disposal of rubbish, keeping of poultry, pest control and more. The short video below, developed by the Environmental Health Association (EHA) highlights the role of an Environmental Health Officers working in Local Government. Holiday Homes: Information regarding registration and management of holiday homes. </s>" <s> Environmental Health is concerned with aspects of both the natural and built environment that have the potential to affect human health. Disposal of rubbish, keeping of poultry, pest control and more. The short video below, developed by the Environmental Health Association (EHA) highlights the role of an Environmental Health Officers working in Local Government. Holiday Homes: Information regarding registration and management of holiday homes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Hi, I purchased Mixmeister studio 7 several years ago. unfortunately I do not have the disc to re-install on my computer, although I do have the case with license Key. I no longer have access to original email account that was associated with purchase. can anyone advise if/where I can get a valid link to download mixmeister studio 7 so I can start using it again as before. </s>" <s> Hi, I purchased Mixmeister studio 7 several years ago. unfortunately I do not have the disc to re-install on my computer, although I do have the case with license Key. I no longer have access to original email account that was associated with purchase. can anyone advise if/where I can get a valid link to download mixmeister studio 7 so I can start using it again as before. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Just because you have a cathedral ceiling in your home, doesn't mean you can't enjoy the beautiful decorative texture of wood beams. Faux wood ceiling beams are a great way to add character and warmth to a plain room. Compared to real wood, they're cheaper, lightweight and easier to install. See how to install them in a cathedral ceiling. This video gives you step-by-step instructions for installing fake wood beams, including materials and tools list. The basic tools you will be needing are: blocks of wood, tape measure, painter's tape, electric screwdriver, screws, caulking gun, electric or hand saw, wood filler, chalk line, and a stud finder. Dry wall anchors may be necessary. </s>" <s> Just because you have a cathedral ceiling in your home, doesn't mean you can't enjoy the beautiful decorative texture of wood beams. Faux wood ceiling beams are a great way to add character and warmth to a plain room. Compared to real wood, they're cheaper, lightweight and easier to install. See how to install them in a cathedral ceiling. This video gives you step-by-step instructions for installing fake wood beams, including materials and tools list. The basic tools you will be needing are: blocks of wood, tape measure, painter's tape, electric screwdriver, screws, caulking gun, electric or hand saw, wood filler, chalk line, and a stud finder. Dry wall anchors may be necessary. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Investing.com – Shares of Helios and Matheson have been suspended on Wednesday, ending his 15-year journey as a listed company. The suspension of its shares was one day after removing Helios from Nasdaq. Sharing began trading at the counter, the company said. 7. Helios and Matheson said in October last year that it would spell a MoviePass in a bid to separate the subscription service unit from the company's business analytics business. MoviePass has become a child problem for Helios and Matheson $ 9.99 per month that all-you-can-eat movie subscription model is full of issues. The MoviePass app is clunky, much to the disturbance of customers. A move to cut back on the number of movies that can be seen by customers in theaters with subsidized proved subscriptions it came at a time when rivals, including AMC (NYSE :), launched similar plans subscription. But free from the Helios and Matheson chains, with the discretion of its subscription plans, MoviePass is expected to adopt a simpler model to reel subscribers. MoviePass will reinforce a bait-the-hook strategy, or, moreover, adjust the screen to MoviePass movies the subscribers will pay to see in a bid to avoid some of the earlier pitfalls . The road to new startups for MoviePass, however, is far from smooth as the experience of going to a movie is shining in online streaming companies like Netflix (NASDAQ :), according to a report. ""For $ 46 (billion), worldwide subscription (over-the-top content delivered by the internet) revenue will affect box office revenues in 2019 when the theatrical takings will come in under just $ 40 Disclaimer: Fusion Media wants to remind you that the data contained on this website is not necessarily real-time or accurate. All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not supplied by exchangers but by market makers, and therefore prices may be inaccurate and may differ in actual market prices, ie the prices are identifiable and not suitable for trading purposes.Therefore, Fusion Media will not have any liability for any trading losses you may incur as a result of using this data. Fusion Media [1 9459015] or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on information including data, quotes, charts and buy / sell signals within the website this. Please be fully informed about the risks and costs associated with trading in financial markets, this is one of the possible possible investment forms. </s>" <s> Investing.com – Shares of Helios and Matheson have been suspended on Wednesday, ending his 15-year journey as a listed company. The suspension of its shares was one day after removing Helios from Nasdaq. Sharing began trading at the counter, the company said. 7. Helios and Matheson said in October last year that it would spell a MoviePass in a bid to separate the subscription service unit from the company's business analytics business. MoviePass has become a child problem for Helios and Matheson $ 9.99 per month that all-you-can-eat movie subscription model is full of issues. The MoviePass app is clunky, much to the disturbance of customers. A move to cut back on the number of movies that can be seen by customers in theaters with subsidized proved subscriptions it came at a time when rivals, including AMC (NYSE :), launched similar plans subscription. But free from the Helios and Matheson chains, with the discretion of its subscription plans, MoviePass is expected to adopt a simpler model to reel subscribers. MoviePass will reinforce a bait-the-hook strategy, or, moreover, adjust the screen to MoviePass movies the subscribers will pay to see in a bid to avoid some of the earlier pitfalls . The road to new startups for MoviePass, however, is far from smooth as the experience of going to a movie is shining in online streaming companies like Netflix (NASDAQ :), according to a report. """For" $ 46 (billion), worldwide subscription (over-the-top content delivered by the internet) revenue will affect box office revenues in 2019 when the theatrical takings will come in under just $ 40 Disclaimer: Fusion Media wants to remind you that the data contained on this website is not necessarily real-time or accurate. All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not supplied by exchangers but by market makers, and therefore prices may be inaccurate and may differ in actual market prices, ie the prices are identifiable and not suitable for trading purposes.Therefore, Fusion Media will not have any liability for any trading losses you may incur as a result of using this data. Fusion Media [1 9459015] or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on information including data, quotes, charts and buy / sell signals within the website this. Please be fully informed about the risks and costs associated with trading in financial markets, this is one of the possible possible investment forms. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> As a country, Germany has arguably had the most important contributions to driving culture. It is the home of the car — Karl Benz is widely credited with inventing the automobile in Mannheim back in 1885. Some of the world’s most storied and successful brands are German, including the largest automotive manufacturer, Volkswagen Group. The country’s central role in motorsports is undeniable, and its distinguished manufacturing legacy only reinforces the ongoing German influence on the future of cars. Fittingly, then, Germany is full of wondrous and exciting automotive destinations. The manufacturer museums, factories, and race circuits just scrape the surface of what Deutschland has to offer. So we have compiled eight of the many worthy attractions that enthusiasts should look up while in Germany. But these places are for more than just car geeks — the automobile informs global culture in a way that even people who “aren’t into cars” can appreciate. When in Germany, be sure to check out these Mecca-level automotive attractions. Racing’s most hallowed circuit should be at the top of any gearhead’s bucket list and is a no-brainer destination during a visit to Germany. Whether you’re attending a race event or just trying to catch a glimpse of a camouflaged test car, the legendary Nordschleife is always worth the pilgrimage — just try to go in the less-rainy season from March to November. To experience the track safely, sit shotgun on a hot taxi lap while one of the ‘Ring’s own professional drivers hurls you around its storied corners. Or you can take on the “Green Hell” yourself during a public driving session to test your nerve and abilities. Bring your own car if you’re feeling very brave, or rent directly from the Nurburgring once you get there. For motorsports fans, the race schedule is packed during the season. The Nurburgring’s GP Track hosts F1’s German Grand Prix every other year, but the madness of the 24 Hours Nurburgring in May is the annual highlight. Besides the on-track action, you can also peruse the Nurburgring Motorsport Museum, do some go-karting (though not on the ‘Ring), or take backstage tours of the race paddocks. The Mercedes-Benz Museum celebrates the legacy of the inventor of the horseless carriage in a manner both car nerds and laypeople alike will enjoy. From the earliest cars to the concepts of the future, over 160 vehicles tell the story of the automobile with a broad and insightful perspective that places cars in the context of world history. The beautifully designed museum building at Daimler AG’s headquarters (a recent Turo investor) complex in Stuttgart houses the exhibits, shops, restaurants, and event spaces for a vast array of Mercedes-Benz-themed experiences. When in Stuttgart, make time to visit the Mercedes-Benz Museum to enrich yourself with the history of what is perhaps the most influential brand in the automotive world. The German Autobahn has earned a somewhat mythical reputation for high-speed lawlessness and open-road freedom. Though driving the famous German highways is a one-of-a-kind experience, the reality of the Bundesautobahn is much different than the legend. Only about 60 percent of Germany’s collective highway system allows for unrestricted speeds, though an advisory speed limit of 130 kph (81 mph) is posted for most of those sections. Various speed limits are imposed in urban areas and for specific vehicle types, and traffic often clogs much of the highway network these days. That said, you can and will find open sections where you can legally to drive as fast as your car will go, and these are the roads that earn the Autobahn its mystique. When driving on the Autobahn, you must drive like a German, and Germans abide by strict written and unwritten rules to keep their highways safe. Most importantly, the left lane really is the fast lane on the Autobahn, because it’s illegal to overtake on the right. And fast lane means fast. Unless you’re really hauling, stay to the right. Flashed high beams in your rearview mirror says “move over, please,” and always use your turn signal. Done correctly, a high-speed cruise on the Autobahn is a wonderfully unique experience that is mandatory for gearheads visiting the Fatherland. Motorworld Stuttgart is a like Disneyland for car enthusiasts. It is a magical place occupying a former airport where vintage collector cars are bought and sold, serviced and restored, or put on display by private owners. There are exhibition rooms packed with rare automobiles, upscale restaurants and clubs, and free admission for all. Motorworld also hosts authorized dealers for the likes of McLaren, Bentley, and Lamborghini for well-heeled visitors in the market for an exotic. The V8 Hotel at Motorworld takes a love of cars to the next level. The V8 Hotel has 26 individual rooms with unique car-themed decorations for nearly every automotive taste where you can sleep in beds made from cars. Incredibly nerdy, yes, but incredibly wonderful for it. And the lobby doubles as a museum, with dozens of display cars that are regularly rotated out. If you’re looking for a place to eat, sleep, and breathe cars, a stay at the V8 Hotel at Motorworld is what you need. If Porsche is your preferred flavor of brat, then the Porsche Museum beckons to you with open arms and screaming flat-sixes. Reopened in 2009, the museum is located by the Porsche factory, which is also in Stuttgart. The gorgeous metal here will have grown men giggling like tweens at a middle school dance — diehard Porsche fans can be a fervent bunch. Iconic vehicles from every era of Porsche’s rich heritage fill the display rooms, and interactive exhibits keep the experience fresh for the younger crowd. A solid enthusiast’s weekend in Stuttgart requires a morning spent at the Porsche Museum, so don’t leave it off your itinerary. Look, a car museum not located in Stuttgart! BMW Group’s global headquarters, manufacturing plant, and museum are in Munich, about a two-hour drive from Stuttgart. BMW “Welt” has exhibitions on every facet of the brand’s operations, from BMW Motorcycles to Mini to Rolls-Royce, and the neighboring BMW Museum highlights the history of the Bimmer identity. There are guided tours, track driving experiences, kids programs, and for some reason, a gastronomy museum. As with the other manufacturers’ facilities, vast event spaces and top-notch eats make BMW World a fascinating meeting place for business or a getaway with the boys. Autostadt is German for “Automobile City,” which is accurate in a very German sort of way — it’s located in Wolfsburg, Volkswagen’s factory town. Autostadt is Volkswagen’s version of the theme-park-museum-event space attraction that all the German automakers have at their respective headquarters, and it may be the grandest of them all. The VW Museum is state-of-the-art, the on-site hotel is a Ritz-Carlton, and the vibe on the precisely manicured grounds is of a futuristic sci-fi movie city. Fully-roboticized glass-walled car towers house 20 stories of new vehicles before they are handed over to customers, which you can see while riding the automated glass sled through the tower shafts. There are various driving experiences to educate drivers on navigating rough terrain, wet conditions, and utilizing VW’s newest safety software features. Oh, and you can tour the world’s largest car factory too. To see and do everything at Autostadt takes at least a full day, so plan accordingly. The International Motor Show Germany is the largest auto show in the world. The show alternates annually between displaying passenger vehicles in Frankfurt and commercial vehicles in Hanover; the Frankfurt show on odd-numbered years is the main event so the show is often referred to as the “Frankfurt Motor Show” or just simply “Frankfurt.” Every other mid-September, the show hosts over 1,000 exhibit vehicles and one million attendees from around the world. Every manufacturer participates and many reserve their sexiest and highest-profile debuts for Frankfurt. The scale is immense and the buzz there is tangible, so if you’re going to an auto show in Europe, Frankfurt is the place to be. </s>" <s> As a country, Germany has arguably had the most important contributions to driving culture. It is the home of the car — Karl Benz is widely credited with inventing the automobile in Mannheim back in 1885. Some of the world’s most storied and successful brands are German, including the largest automotive manufacturer, Volkswagen Group. The country’s central role in motorsports is undeniable, and its distinguished manufacturing legacy only reinforces the ongoing German influence on the future of cars. Fittingly, then, Germany is full of wondrous and exciting automotive destinations. The manufacturer museums, factories, and race circuits just scrape the surface of what Deutschland has to offer. So we have compiled eight of the many worthy attractions that enthusiasts should look up while in Germany. But these places are for more than just car geeks — the automobile informs global culture in a way that even people who “aren’t into cars” can appreciate. When in Germany, be sure to check out these Mecca-level automotive attractions. Racing’s most hallowed circuit should be at the top of any gearhead’s bucket list and is a no-brainer destination during a visit to Germany. Whether you’re attending a race event or just trying to catch a glimpse of a camouflaged test car, the legendary Nordschleife is always worth the pilgrimage — just try to go in the less-rainy season from March to November. To experience the track safely, sit shotgun on a hot taxi lap while one of the ‘Ring’s own professional drivers hurls you around its storied corners. Or you can take on the “Green Hell” yourself during a public driving session to test your nerve and abilities. Bring your own car if you’re feeling very brave, or rent directly from the Nurburgring once you get there. For motorsports fans, the race schedule is packed during the season. The Nurburgring’s GP Track hosts F1’s German Grand Prix every other year, but the madness of the 24 Hours Nurburgring in May is the annual highlight. Besides the on-track action, you can also peruse the Nurburgring Motorsport Museum, do some go-karting (though not on the ‘Ring), or take backstage tours of the race paddocks. The Mercedes-Benz Museum celebrates the legacy of the inventor of the horseless carriage in a manner both car nerds and laypeople alike will enjoy. From the earliest cars to the concepts of the future, over 160 vehicles tell the story of the automobile with a broad and insightful perspective that places cars in the context of world history. The beautifully designed museum building at Daimler AG’s headquarters (a recent Turo investor) complex in Stuttgart houses the exhibits, shops, restaurants, and event spaces for a vast array of Mercedes-Benz-themed experiences. When in Stuttgart, make time to visit the Mercedes-Benz Museum to enrich yourself with the history of what is perhaps the most influential brand in the automotive world. The German Autobahn has earned a somewhat mythical reputation for high-speed lawlessness and open-road freedom. Though driving the famous German highways is a one-of-a-kind experience, the reality of the Bundesautobahn is much different than the legend. Only about 60 percent of Germany’s collective highway system allows for unrestricted speeds, though an advisory speed limit of 130 kph (81 mph) is posted for most of those sections. Various speed limits are imposed in urban areas and for specific vehicle types, and traffic often clogs much of the highway network these days. That said, you can and will find open sections where you can legally to drive as fast as your car will go, and these are the roads that earn the Autobahn its mystique. When driving on the Autobahn, you must drive like a German, and Germans abide by strict written and unwritten rules to keep their highways safe. Most importantly, the left lane really is the fast lane on the Autobahn, because it’s illegal to overtake on the right. And fast lane means fast. Unless you’re really hauling, stay to the right. Flashed high beams in your rearview mirror says “move over, please,” and always use your turn signal. Done correctly, a high-speed cruise on the Autobahn is a wonderfully unique experience that is mandatory for gearheads visiting the Fatherland. Motorworld Stuttgart is a like Disneyland for car enthusiasts. It is a magical place occupying a former airport where vintage collector cars are bought and sold, serviced and restored, or put on display by private owners. There are exhibition rooms packed with rare automobiles, upscale restaurants and clubs, and free admission for all. Motorworld also hosts authorized dealers for the likes of McLaren, Bentley, and Lamborghini for well-heeled visitors in the market for an exotic. The V8 Hotel at Motorworld takes a love of cars to the next level. The V8 Hotel has 26 individual rooms with unique car-themed decorations for nearly every automotive taste where you can sleep in beds made from cars. Incredibly nerdy, yes, but incredibly wonderful for it. And the lobby doubles as a museum, with dozens of display cars that are regularly rotated out. If you’re looking for a place to eat, sleep, and breathe cars, a stay at the V8 Hotel at Motorworld is what you need. If Porsche is your preferred flavor of brat, then the Porsche Museum beckons to you with open arms and screaming flat-sixes. Reopened in 2009, the museum is located by the Porsche factory, which is also in Stuttgart. The gorgeous metal here will have grown men giggling like tweens at a middle school dance — diehard Porsche fans can be a fervent bunch. Iconic vehicles from every era of Porsche’s rich heritage fill the display rooms, and interactive exhibits keep the experience fresh for the younger crowd. A solid enthusiast’s weekend in Stuttgart requires a morning spent at the Porsche Museum, so don’t leave it off your itinerary. Look, a car museum not located in Stuttgart! BMW Group’s global headquarters, manufacturing plant, and museum are in Munich, about a two-hour drive from Stuttgart. BMW “Welt” has exhibitions on every facet of the brand’s operations, from BMW Motorcycles to Mini to Rolls-Royce, and the neighboring BMW Museum highlights the history of the Bimmer identity. There are guided tours, track driving experiences, kids programs, and for some reason, a gastronomy museum. As with the other manufacturers’ facilities, vast event spaces and top-notch eats make BMW World a fascinating meeting place for business or a getaway with the boys. Autostadt is German for “Automobile City,” which is accurate in a very German sort of way — it’s located in Wolfsburg, Volkswagen’s factory town. Autostadt is Volkswagen’s version of the theme-park-museum-event space attraction that all the German automakers have at their respective headquarters, and it may be the grandest of them all. The VW Museum is state-of-the-art, the on-site hotel is a Ritz-Carlton, and the vibe on the precisely manicured grounds is of a futuristic sci-fi movie city. Fully-roboticized glass-walled car towers house 20 stories of new vehicles before they are handed over to customers, which you can see while riding the automated glass sled through the tower shafts. There are various driving experiences to educate drivers on navigating rough terrain, wet conditions, and utilizing VW’s newest safety software features. Oh, and you can tour the world’s largest car factory too. To see and do everything at Autostadt takes at least a full day, so plan accordingly. The International Motor Show Germany is the largest auto show in the world. The show alternates annually between displaying passenger vehicles in Frankfurt and commercial vehicles in Hanover; the Frankfurt show on odd-numbered years is the main event so the show is often referred to as the “Frankfurt Motor Show” or just simply “Frankfurt.” Every other mid-September, the show hosts over 1,000 exhibit vehicles and one million attendees from around the world. Every manufacturer participates and many reserve their sexiest and highest-profile debuts for Frankfurt. The scale is immense and the buzz there is tangible, so if you’re going to an auto show in Europe, Frankfurt is the place to be. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Hosting your site is simple. You can setup for low ongoing costs and have all the security, speed, spam, plugins, updates and website management tasks done for you. The sites we create for you are built on the WordPress platform, which powers over 60% of websites around the world. WordPress makes sure your new site is secure, well supported, and can grow with you and your business. Please complete these questions and we will email you a quote. Which of the following describes your situation? Does your site need further work? Does your existing website suit your needs, or would you like additions, extra features, addons etc. Approximately how many pages does your existing site consist of? Will you be selling/displaying products on your site? Approximately how many products do/will you have? Can you provide these products in a CSV format file? We offer the following features for your website to extend the reach of your business or the functionality of your site. Please select any that you are interested in. Google Analytics allows you to optimize your site for the audience your site is reaching, and track information such as location and demographics about your site's visitors. Google Places allows people who search for your business to see important information on the search results page, such as business name, location, and opening hours. MailChimp allows you to keep a record of email addresses and easily send out newsletters and marketing campaigns to customers who have signed up. Your Domain Name is the electronic address people use to find your business, IE: www.webify.co.nz. It is important to have a short and effective name whilst still identifying your business. Which of the following describes your domain name situation? I have a current domain name I would like to use. Do you know the company your domain is currently held with? What company holds your domain name? How would you like to handle your company's email addresses? How would you like your new email addresses to be set up? Gmail / Outlook / iCloud or other companies normally provide email services. Would you like to edit and manage the content of your site yourself? Webify can provide a paid service to train you in how to edit and extend your website. For a phone meeting, our business professional will call you on the provided phone number during your scheduled meeting time. For an internet meeting, all you need is a microphone, and our business professional will email you a link to our preset Google Hangouts meeting area. Check the calendar and choose times to complete below. </s>" <s> Hosting your site is simple. You can setup for low ongoing costs and have all the security, speed, spam, plugins, updates and website management tasks done for you. The sites we create for you are built on the WordPress platform, which powers over 60% of websites around the world. WordPress makes sure your new site is secure, well supported, and can grow with you and your business. Please complete these questions and we will email you a quote. Which of the following describes your situation? Does your site need further work? Does your existing website suit your needs, or would you like additions, extra features, addons etc. Approximately how many pages does your existing site consist of? Will you be selling/displaying products on your site? Approximately how many products do/will you have? Can you provide these products in a CSV format file? We offer the following features for your website to extend the reach of your business or the functionality of your site. Please select any that you are interested in. Google Analytics allows you to optimize your site for the audience your site is reaching, and track information such as location and demographics about your site's visitors. Google Places allows people who search for your business to see important information on the search results page, such as business name, location, and opening hours. MailChimp allows you to keep a record of email addresses and easily send out newsletters and marketing campaigns to customers who have signed up. Your Domain Name is the electronic address people use to find your business, IE: www.webify.co.nz. It is important to have a short and effective name whilst still identifying your business. Which of the following describes your domain name situation? I have a current domain name I would like to use. Do you know the company your domain is currently held with? What company holds your domain name? How would you like to handle your company's email addresses? How would you like your new email addresses to be set up? Gmail / Outlook / iCloud or other companies normally provide email services. Would you like to edit and manage the content of your site yourself? Webify can provide a paid service to train you in how to edit and extend your website. For a phone meeting, our business professional will call you on the provided phone number during your scheduled meeting time. For an internet meeting, all you need is a microphone, and our business professional will email you a link to our preset Google Hangouts meeting area. Check the calendar and choose times to complete below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> 8"" - 20"" portable gas powered rock crushers for sale. .... by 6 ft screening plant with 54 in conveyor, bico pulverizer, 6 by 13 wiffely table located denver Colorado. You will find new and used metal detectors, locators, probes, lab tables, ... Mine cabin portable, 3 sections 8'x15'—$5,000 OBO. ... Stutenroth impact mill, Jaw crushing plant with grizzly, hopper, belt feeder .... On frame, with axle, in Colorado. Used JAW - CONE CRUSHERS for sale ... zenith 3042 PP-VGF Portable Jaw Crushing Plant; Secondary Portable Cone ... Grand Junction, Colorado 81506. zenith Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale At MachineryTrader . ... zenith portable jaw plant with electrical switch gear quad axle chassis POR. </s>" <s> "8""" - "20""" portable gas powered rock crushers for sale. .... by 6 ft screening plant with 54 in conveyor, bico pulverizer, 6 by 13 wiffely table located denver Colorado. You will find new and used metal detectors, locators, probes, lab tables, ... Mine cabin portable, 3 sections 8'x15'—$5,000 OBO. ... Stutenroth impact mill, Jaw crushing plant with grizzly, hopper, belt feeder .... On frame, with axle, in Colorado. Used JAW - CONE CRUSHERS for sale ... zenith 3042 PP-VGF Portable Jaw Crushing Plant; Secondary Portable Cone ... Grand Junction, Colorado 81506. zenith Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale At MachineryTrader . ... zenith portable jaw plant with electrical switch gear quad axle chassis POR. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Proverbs 4:26 Ponder the path of your feet and let all your ways be established. To put it short, think about the direction your life is heading in. Reflect on your life goals, and plans. Are your feet (actions) heading in that direction? Will your character carry you there? Will your attitude keep you there? Think: if I continue on this path, where will it take me? Am I happy with that being my destination and place of residence? Who Told You You’re Naked? This is a great reflection. It does not matter how long you have been on the wrong plan, action and thought trail, today can be the beginning of your new start. The Bible says, “For with God there is nothing impossible.” May the Lord align my thought, plan and action to his will today, so that my life will be heading to the destination that he has planned for me. </s>" <s> Proverbs 4:26 Ponder the path of your feet and let all your ways be established. To put it short, think about the direction your life is heading in. Reflect on your life goals, and plans. Are your feet (actions) heading in that direction? Will your character carry you there? Will your attitude keep you there? Think: if I continue on this path, where will it take me? Am I happy with that being my destination and place of residence? Who Told You You’re Naked? This is a great reflection. It does not matter how long you have been on the wrong plan, action and thought trail, today can be the beginning of your new start. The Bible says, “For with God there is nothing impossible.” May the Lord align my thought, plan and action to his will today, so that my life will be heading to the destination that he has planned for me. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> This antique dyed ""waffle"" thermal knit sweater is the perfect length tunic pullover with its double ruffle edging. Wear long-sleeved or push up for a 3/4 length. This comfortable tunic works great with leggins and boots. Hand wash or machine wash in cold water with gentle cycle. </s>" <s> This antique dyed """waffle""" thermal knit sweater is the perfect length tunic pullover with its double ruffle edging. Wear long-sleeved or push up for a 3/4 length. This comfortable tunic works great with leggins and boots. Hand wash or machine wash in cold water with gentle cycle. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Yeah i agree this is ridiculous at this point, im sure it took more effort to remove the automation that did exist then to just leave it. Its been almost 6months at this point don't expect me to renew. is there any ETA at all when this will be back? It was would be awesome if you could in the pulseway rules, create a rule that if it see's an alert/notification/event log error X numbers of times within so many hours or minutes then run the rule specified. What this would do is allow me to automate a fix to a problem without having a false positive and running a rule that really was only effecting 1 person versus 10 people for example. I have created a group Policy in pulseway under all my groups. I created a Event log notification that monitors the system log for 1001 and 41 but it doesn't push out to any of the machines. It has however successfully pushed out the screens view and remote desktop setting though. When looking at the servers there is just nothing under the notifications under event log, that's what i mean by its not pushing out correctly. Awesome thank you, this fixed the issue! I'm getting a similar error, but mine says it ""Cloud not establish a trust relationship for the SSL/TLS secure channel with authority 'ws7.pulseway.com'"" The time is correct, the date is correct and we re-installed and also tried rebooting a few times. This is on 2K3 server. </s>" <s> Yeah i agree this is ridiculous at this point, im sure it took more effort to remove the automation that did exist then to just leave it. Its been almost 6months at this point don't expect me to renew. is there any ETA at all when this will be back? It was would be awesome if you could in the pulseway rules, create a rule that if it see's an alert/notification/event log error X numbers of times within so many hours or minutes then run the rule specified. What this would do is allow me to automate a fix to a problem without having a false positive and running a rule that really was only effecting 1 person versus 10 people for example. I have created a group Policy in pulseway under all my groups. I created a Event log notification that monitors the system log for 1001 and 41 but it doesn't push out to any of the machines. It has however successfully pushed out the screens view and remote desktop setting though. When looking at the servers there is just nothing under the notifications under event log, that's what i mean by its not pushing out correctly. Awesome thank you, this fixed the issue! I'm getting a similar error, but mine says it """Cloud" not establish a trust relationship for the SSL/TLS secure channel with authority "'ws7.pulseway.com'""" The time is correct, the date is correct and we re-installed and also tried rebooting a few times. This is on 2K3 server. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> When you use Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.x or an earlier version of Acrobat Reader to open a Portable Document Format (PDF) file in Windows Vista, the MS Gothic font and the MS Mincho font appear garbled. To work around this problem, upgrade to Acrobat Reader 6.0 or to a later version of this program. Windows Vista uses new MS Gothic and MS Mincho fonts that Acrobat Reader 5.x and earlier versions of Acrobat Reader cannot read correctly. </s>" <s> When you use Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.x or an earlier version of Acrobat Reader to open a Portable Document Format (PDF) file in Windows Vista, the MS Gothic font and the MS Mincho font appear garbled. To work around this problem, upgrade to Acrobat Reader 6.0 or to a later version of this program. Windows Vista uses new MS Gothic and MS Mincho fonts that Acrobat Reader 5.x and earlier versions of Acrobat Reader cannot read correctly. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The Canon BG-E16 Battery Grip for 7D Mark II attaches to the bottom of the camera and, with a spare battery (rentable separately) in conjunction with your in-camera battery, provides the shooter much longer shooting times. It also can provide the shooter with a better ergonomic grip on the camera body. If you run out of battery power, you can use 6 x AA batteries as backup with the optional AA tray. • This grip is not compatible with the 7D. See the BG-E7 for the 7D grip. </s>" <s> The Canon BG-E16 Battery Grip for 7D Mark II attaches to the bottom of the camera and, with a spare battery (rentable separately) in conjunction with your in-camera battery, provides the shooter much longer shooting times. It also can provide the shooter with a better ergonomic grip on the camera body. If you run out of battery power, you can use 6 x AA batteries as backup with the optional AA tray. • This grip is not compatible with the 7D. See the BG-E7 for the 7D grip. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> 1BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Gandhinagar Highway. Satyamev Surya , opp. Preksha vishvabharti,koba,Airport-koba-gandhinagar Highway. A brand new luxurious, unique, well planed and scap layout of the Satyamev Surya its residents to bask in an unhurried laid lifestyle. Only 30% ground coverage used where you can breathe easy. This residence campus adds to the beauty of your home with sufficient parking facilities, open garden with recreational activities for the relaxed tiles and the specials safety and security features add to the exclusivity of this project. Living at Satyamev Surya apartments, you will enjoy an unrivated lifestyle within the tranquil with all the conveniences of just minutes drive from metro town Ahmedabad and capital town gandhinagar. Come home to Satyamev Surya apartment and experience extraordinary metro town luxury, elegant style and amazing convenience. 2BHK Apartment nr. jantanagar new cg road chandkheda . 3BHK Apartment Near Sp ring Road Tapovan Gnadhinagar Highway. 1BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Koba Gandhinagar Highway. 2BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Koba Gandhinagar Highway. </s>" <s> 1BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Gandhinagar Highway. Satyamev Surya , opp. Preksha vishvabharti,koba,Airport-koba-gandhinagar Highway. A brand new luxurious, unique, well planed and scap layout of the Satyamev Surya its residents to bask in an unhurried laid lifestyle. Only 30% ground coverage used where you can breathe easy. This residence campus adds to the beauty of your home with sufficient parking facilities, open garden with recreational activities for the relaxed tiles and the specials safety and security features add to the exclusivity of this project. Living at Satyamev Surya apartments, you will enjoy an unrivated lifestyle within the tranquil with all the conveniences of just minutes drive from metro town Ahmedabad and capital town gandhinagar. Come home to Satyamev Surya apartment and experience extraordinary metro town luxury, elegant style and amazing convenience. 2BHK Apartment nr. jantanagar new cg road chandkheda . 3BHK Apartment Near Sp ring Road Tapovan Gnadhinagar Highway. 1BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Koba Gandhinagar Highway. 2BHK Apartment In Satyamev Surya Koba Gandhinagar Highway. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> In the past 3-4 years these have been advancements in esthetic zirconia-based ceramics and adhesive resin cements that provide solutions to some esthetic and function restorative issues. This CE webinar will introduce and discuss these new materials and technologies and illustrate, with clinical cases, how they can solve some anterior & posterior esthetic issues as well as issues with function. A new resin cement technology that solves the self-cure issue with most dual-cure resin cements will be discussed and illustrated as well. </s>" <s> In the past 3-4 years these have been advancements in esthetic zirconia-based ceramics and adhesive resin cements that provide solutions to some esthetic and function restorative issues. This CE webinar will introduce and discuss these new materials and technologies and illustrate, with clinical cases, how they can solve some anterior & posterior esthetic issues as well as issues with function. A new resin cement technology that solves the self-cure issue with most dual-cure resin cements will be discussed and illustrated as well. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Richardson, John S.; Naiman, Robert J.; Swanson, Frederick J.; Hibbs, David E. 2005. Riparian communities associated with pacific northwest headwater streams: assemblages, processes, and uniqueness.. Richardson, John B.; Smith, Winston Paul. 1994. Nondestructive Quantitative Sampling for Freshwater Mussels in Variable Substrate Streams. </s>" <s> Richardson, John S.; Naiman, Robert J.; Swanson, Frederick J.; Hibbs, David E. 2005. Riparian communities associated with pacific northwest headwater streams: assemblages, processes, and uniqueness.. Richardson, John B.; Smith, Winston Paul. 1994. Nondestructive Quantitative Sampling for Freshwater Mussels in Variable Substrate Streams. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> About Toshio Lue the founder of SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. SANYO Electric Works founded (Honmachi, Moriguchi City, Osaka). SANYO's first model of bicycle generator lamp (Model 47) launched. (General Headquarters of the Allied Forces). SANYO is embracing this responsibility by continuing to pioneer cutting-edge energy and environmental technologies, products and solutions, such as its world-leading HIT® solar panels and photovoltaic (PV) systems, eneloop rechargeable batteries and accessories (SANYO is currently the largest supplier of rechargeable batteries in the world), biomedical solutions, energy-efficient cooling and heating systems, eco-friendly electronic devices, and more. SANYO Electric Group, by developing unique technologies and offering excellent products and sincere services, seeks to become a corporation that is loved and trusted by people around the world. The Group seeks to become"" as indispensable as the Sun"" for the people of the world. SANYO' founder, the late Toshio Iue, gave the company its name. ""SANYO"" means ""three oceans"" -specifically, the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans: in other words, the entire world. Our founder had the earnest ambition to conduct business throughout the world, maximizing the company's three core assets: excellent human resources, superior technologies and first-class service. Thus the company name also implies its business territory and policy. The founder once stated his principle in this way: ""As a corporation, we seek to be like the sun, which shines upon all alike, regardless of race, creed, religion or difference in wealth."" As is expressed in his statement, SANYO Electric Group has always sought to be essential to people everywhere in the world like the sun, that shines upon all. The Principles of Conduct stipulate the guidelines to be observed by all SANYO Electric Group directors, officers and employees in all their activities. Each director, officer and employee is expected to always think and act from a global perspective and strive with untiring determination to offer unrivaled products and service that merit the recognition due a world-class corporation. The philosophy underlying the Principles of Conduct is courage and determination to take on new challenges. The spirit of our late founder is manifest in our principle of conduct ""Work with wholehearted sincerity"" and in our company motto ""Precision craftsmanship to be proud of the world over."" Our founder entered business with firm determination: ""Even though the company may not become large, we should put our hearts and souls into each effort, so as to create superior products, unsurpassed by any of our competitors. Only such an approach can bring joy and happiness to myself and our employees, and enable us to contribute to society."" In January 1960, the company motto ""Precision craftsmanship to be proud of the world over"" was established, manifesting the founder's principle: ""You should put your whole heart and soul into your assigned duties. Regardless of whether you work in production or sales, you should always employ the most efficient method available and proceed with work in a scientific manner. Work accurately, paying the closest attention to the smallest details."" Integrity: We work with integrity. Customer Oriented: We anticipate what will satisfy our customers. Creativity: We single-handedly open up new eras. Mutual Trust: We create a workplace imbued with the aura of freedom and the candid exchange of views. Social Commitment: We maximize efficiency in business management and distribute profits on the basis of fairness and equity. </s>" <s> About Toshio Lue the founder of SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. SANYO Electric Works founded (Honmachi, Moriguchi City, Osaka). SANYO's first model of bicycle generator lamp (Model 47) launched. (General Headquarters of the Allied Forces). SANYO is embracing this responsibility by continuing to pioneer cutting-edge energy and environmental technologies, products and solutions, such as its world-leading HIT® solar panels and photovoltaic (PV) systems, eneloop rechargeable batteries and accessories (SANYO is currently the largest supplier of rechargeable batteries in the world), biomedical solutions, energy-efficient cooling and heating systems, eco-friendly electronic devices, and more. SANYO Electric Group, by developing unique technologies and offering excellent products and sincere services, seeks to become a corporation that is loved and trusted by people around the world. The Group seeks to "become""" as indispensable as the "Sun""" for the people of the world. SANYO' founder, the late Toshio Iue, gave the company its name. """SANYO""" means """three" "oceans""" -specifically, the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans: in other words, the entire world. Our founder had the earnest ambition to conduct business throughout the world, maximizing the company's three core assets: excellent human resources, superior technologies and first-class service. Thus the company name also implies its business territory and policy. The founder once stated his principle in this way: """As" a corporation, we seek to be like the sun, which shines upon all alike, regardless of race, creed, religion or difference in "wealth.""" As is expressed in his statement, SANYO Electric Group has always sought to be essential to people everywhere in the world like the sun, that shines upon all. The Principles of Conduct stipulate the guidelines to be observed by all SANYO Electric Group directors, officers and employees in all their activities. Each director, officer and employee is expected to always think and act from a global perspective and strive with untiring determination to offer unrivaled products and service that merit the recognition due a world-class corporation. The philosophy underlying the Principles of Conduct is courage and determination to take on new challenges. The spirit of our late founder is manifest in our principle of conduct """Work" with wholehearted "sincerity""" and in our company motto """Precision" craftsmanship to be proud of the world "over.""" Our founder entered business with firm determination: """Even" though the company may not become large, we should put our hearts and souls into each effort, so as to create superior products, unsurpassed by any of our competitors. Only such an approach can bring joy and happiness to myself and our employees, and enable us to contribute to "society.""" In January 1960, the company motto """Precision" craftsmanship to be proud of the world "over""" was established, manifesting the founder's principle: """You" should put your whole heart and soul into your assigned duties. Regardless of whether you work in production or sales, you should always employ the most efficient method available and proceed with work in a scientific manner. Work accurately, paying the closest attention to the smallest "details.""" Integrity: We work with integrity. Customer Oriented: We anticipate what will satisfy our customers. Creativity: We single-handedly open up new eras. Mutual Trust: We create a workplace imbued with the aura of freedom and the candid exchange of views. Social Commitment: We maximize efficiency in business management and distribute profits on the basis of fairness and equity. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Locksmiths Reading - The Tipped.co.uk directory of Reading locksmiths lists locksmiths in Reading who offer key cutting. Read reviews of your nearest local locksmith in Reading and write your own reviews too. List your key cutting business on the Reading Locksmiths Directory today! </s>" <s> Locksmiths Reading - The Tipped.co.uk directory of Reading locksmiths lists locksmiths in Reading who offer key cutting. Read reviews of your nearest local locksmith in Reading and write your own reviews too. List your key cutting business on the Reading Locksmiths Directory today! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Has a small thangka collection, sourced from Bhutan and India. Expect to pay around ₹7000 for a decent thangka, and up to ₹300,000 for a rare vintage piece. A fairly bland mall housing the Inox Cinema, a branch of Café Coffee Day, Domino's Pizza, Big Bazaar supermarket and a fake Nathmull's tea shop. </s>" <s> Has a small thangka collection, sourced from Bhutan and India. Expect to pay around ₹7000 for a decent thangka, and up to ₹300,000 for a rare vintage piece. A fairly bland mall housing the Inox Cinema, a branch of Café Coffee Day, Domino's Pizza, Big Bazaar supermarket and a fake Nathmull's tea shop. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Cryptomundo » Mountain Monsters Season Finale! For four years, the Appalachian Investigators of Mysterious Sightings (AIMS) have fought a tooth-and-nail battle to trap mysterious monsters that threaten the safety of mountain communities. They’ve hunted Bigfoot, Sheepsquatch, Hellhounds and dozens of other beasts, but along the way the tables turned Now these lifelong hunters are being hunted by a masked rival team with ulterior, dangerous motives. AIMS continues their mission to investigate monsters in a new eight-episode season of MOUNTAIN MONSTERS airing Saturdays at 10/9c on Destination America. This entry was posted on Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 at 10:02 am and is filed under Bigfoot, Bigfoot Report, Cryptozoology, Pop Culture, Sasquatch, Television. You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is not allowed. This show is closer to a low budget scripted-reality version of “Lost” than it is to crypto-docu stuff. It’s not really worth criticizing it – more of re categorizing it. I just don’t know what? </s>" <s> Cryptomundo » Mountain Monsters Season Finale! For four years, the Appalachian Investigators of Mysterious Sightings (AIMS) have fought a tooth-and-nail battle to trap mysterious monsters that threaten the safety of mountain communities. They’ve hunted Bigfoot, Sheepsquatch, Hellhounds and dozens of other beasts, but along the way the tables turned Now these lifelong hunters are being hunted by a masked rival team with ulterior, dangerous motives. AIMS continues their mission to investigate monsters in a new eight-episode season of MOUNTAIN MONSTERS airing Saturdays at 10/9c on Destination America. This entry was posted on Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 at 10:02 am and is filed under Bigfoot, Bigfoot Report, Cryptozoology, Pop Culture, Sasquatch, Television. You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is not allowed. This show is closer to a low budget scripted-reality version of “Lost” than it is to crypto-docu stuff. It’s not really worth criticizing it – more of re categorizing it. I just don’t know what? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> We are really pleased to share the fabulous news that we have achieved the sport accreditation of a Games Mark for the second year running. The School Games Mark is a government led awards scheme launched in 2012 to reward schools for their commitment to the development of competition across their school and onto the community. Teachers and children have worked really hard with sport throughout the school; both during school hours and out of them. We have participated in many competitions within the school and with other schools. Last year was the first time we had applied for the award and we received bronze. Thanks to the work done then I was able to see where I could improve sport and have been rewarded this year with a silver award! Bring on gold next year! Thank you to all the parents and staff who support the out of school competitions – the atmosphere is always improved with the great support we receive. A special thank you to Jane Catton for all of her out of school hours dedication. </s>" <s> We are really pleased to share the fabulous news that we have achieved the sport accreditation of a Games Mark for the second year running. The School Games Mark is a government led awards scheme launched in 2012 to reward schools for their commitment to the development of competition across their school and onto the community. Teachers and children have worked really hard with sport throughout the school; both during school hours and out of them. We have participated in many competitions within the school and with other schools. Last year was the first time we had applied for the award and we received bronze. Thanks to the work done then I was able to see where I could improve sport and have been rewarded this year with a silver award! Bring on gold next year! Thank you to all the parents and staff who support the out of school competitions – the atmosphere is always improved with the great support we receive. A special thank you to Jane Catton for all of her out of school hours dedication. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Algor Plumbing and Heating Supply is proud to present this chrome finished shower panel shower system, by Basco. The 1415NP-76-65FGSV is made from premium materials, this Shower Panel Shower System offers great function and value for your home. This fixture is part of Basco's decorative Collection, so make sure to check out other styles of fixtures to accessorize your room. </s>" <s> Algor Plumbing and Heating Supply is proud to present this chrome finished shower panel shower system, by Basco. The 1415NP-76-65FGSV is made from premium materials, this Shower Panel Shower System offers great function and value for your home. This fixture is part of Basco's decorative Collection, so make sure to check out other styles of fixtures to accessorize your room. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> You can't win at everything but you can try. This sounds funny but I'll say it anyway. You can never be too happy in this life. You'll get along with a little prayer and a song. Since then, Don would sing With A Smile when putting Julia to sleep. Hmm, maybe that's the reason why Julia is such a daddy's girl. Maybe she loves Eheads too. What's your hubby's song for your daughter? </s>" <s> You can't win at everything but you can try. This sounds funny but I'll say it anyway. You can never be too happy in this life. You'll get along with a little prayer and a song. Since then, Don would sing With A Smile when putting Julia to sleep. Hmm, maybe that's the reason why Julia is such a daddy's girl. Maybe she loves Eheads too. What's your hubby's song for your daughter? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Please find below a list of public consultations. Click an item in the list to read more information. The Newtown & Llanllwchaiarn Place Plan presents an opportunity for local people to influence how the town develops over the next 10-15 years and help attract investment. Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Town Council has produced a draft 5 year plan, outlining our activities and how the budget should be spent 2018-2023. </s>" <s> Please find below a list of public consultations. Click an item in the list to read more information. The Newtown & Llanllwchaiarn Place Plan presents an opportunity for local people to influence how the town develops over the next 10-15 years and help attract investment. Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Town Council has produced a draft 5 year plan, outlining our activities and how the budget should be spent 2018-2023. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The famous One O'Clock Gun is fired every day except Sunday at 1pm from Edinburgh Castle's Mills Mount Battery. Edinburgh Castle is perhaps the city's most famous landmark. It stands on top of the remaining core of an extinct volcano. Excavations suggest the site was inhabited by Bronze Age man as early as 900 BC, and was fortified by Iron Age man roughly 2000 years ago. The oldest part of the present day Castle is St Margaret's Chapel, built in the early 12th century. The Castle holds the Honours of Scotland and more recently has welcomed back the Stone of Scone otherwise known as the Stone of Destiny. The famous One O'Clock Gun is fired every day except Sunday at 1pm from Edinburgh Castle's Mills Mount Battery. </s>" <s> The famous One O'Clock Gun is fired every day except Sunday at 1pm from Edinburgh Castle's Mills Mount Battery. Edinburgh Castle is perhaps the city's most famous landmark. It stands on top of the remaining core of an extinct volcano. Excavations suggest the site was inhabited by Bronze Age man as early as 900 BC, and was fortified by Iron Age man roughly 2000 years ago. The oldest part of the present day Castle is St Margaret's Chapel, built in the early 12th century. The Castle holds the Honours of Scotland and more recently has welcomed back the Stone of Scone otherwise known as the Stone of Destiny. The famous One O'Clock Gun is fired every day except Sunday at 1pm from Edinburgh Castle's Mills Mount Battery. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Our flow cytometry antibodies and kits are designed for convenience and flexibility. Choose from a wide range of MACS Antibodies suited for identification and enumeration of human, mouse, rat, or non-human primate cells by flow cytometry. We also offer a portfolio of kits optimized for different research applications such as cytokine detection or quantification. Check out our support reagent section to find compensation controls as well as the Tandem Signal Enhancer to improve your cell analysis. Dyes for the identification and enumeration of human, mouse, rat, or non-human primate cells by flow cytometry or microscopy. Fluorescent staining of target cells labeled with primary antibodies. Assessment of antibody background staining in flow cytometry analysis. Novel covalent conjugation technology for label-free cells after cell sorting. Scientists are smart. But nobody's perfect. What's your bad lab habit? </s>" <s> Our flow cytometry antibodies and kits are designed for convenience and flexibility. Choose from a wide range of MACS Antibodies suited for identification and enumeration of human, mouse, rat, or non-human primate cells by flow cytometry. We also offer a portfolio of kits optimized for different research applications such as cytokine detection or quantification. Check out our support reagent section to find compensation controls as well as the Tandem Signal Enhancer to improve your cell analysis. Dyes for the identification and enumeration of human, mouse, rat, or non-human primate cells by flow cytometry or microscopy. Fluorescent staining of target cells labeled with primary antibodies. Assessment of antibody background staining in flow cytometry analysis. Novel covalent conjugation technology for label-free cells after cell sorting. Scientists are smart. But nobody's perfect. What's your bad lab habit? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Use our search. We have a great search function to help you quickly find the Sulky spare part you want, simply enter the part you need in the search bar above and hit enter, we will do the rest for you. HELP! We want to provide the farming community a resource for repairing agricultural farm equipment, if you would like to contribute to our agricultural machinery help section of our site, and have information on troubleshooting, fault finding, repair or maintenance of Sulky that other people would find useful then let us know. Contact Us. If you can't find the Sulky spare part or Sulky guide you are looking for, please Contact us or use our on-screen live chat and we will be happy to help. Not sure what the issue is and just need some advice? Then visit the Facebook group Farm fix, post your question on there and let the community help you out. </s>" <s> Use our search. We have a great search function to help you quickly find the Sulky spare part you want, simply enter the part you need in the search bar above and hit enter, we will do the rest for you. HELP! We want to provide the farming community a resource for repairing agricultural farm equipment, if you would like to contribute to our agricultural machinery help section of our site, and have information on troubleshooting, fault finding, repair or maintenance of Sulky that other people would find useful then let us know. Contact Us. If you can't find the Sulky spare part or Sulky guide you are looking for, please Contact us or use our on-screen live chat and we will be happy to help. Not sure what the issue is and just need some advice? Then visit the Facebook group Farm fix, post your question on there and let the community help you out. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Islamist insurgents have ordered Somali radio stations to stop playing music, a ban that went into effect last Tuesday. This order follows the Islamists’ ban on musical ringtones, movies, men without beards, football, women’s beauty salons, and bras. Those not adhering to the new ban risk a grave threat to their physical well-being, which includes getting assassinated or undergoing Sharia-based punishments. Such punishments include having your limbs amputated, your eyes gauged out, your tongue cut out, and your ears cut off. A majority of radio stations in southern and central Somalia stopped playing music and jingles on Tuesday. In Mogadishu, the capital, only the government-controlled Radio Mogadishu, which is protected by African Union peacekeepers, and the UN-funded Radio Bar-Kulan, whose studio is in Nairobi, resisted the order. In order to understand this phenomenon, it is critical to keep in mind that for the totalitarian radical, experiencing any kind of joy means succumbing to the false consciousness that, in the utopian mindset, must be purged from the earth. Earthly joy distracts from the constant vigilance that is necessary to engage in revolutionary battle. This is why Lenin refused to listen to music, since, as he explained, “it makes you want to say stupid, nice things and stroke the heads of people who could create such beauty while living in this vile hell.” For Lenin, violent revolution was the priority — a priority endangered by the emotions music could induce. Sayyid Qutb, one of Islamism’s godfathers, could relate to this vision all too well — and he serves as a perfect example of Islam’s rejection of the joyous celebration of this world and this life. In his work Milestones, Qutb demonizes the pursuit of individual interests and sensual pleasures — but above all sexual pleasure — and of personal happiness and fulfillment. The word “desire” reverberates through Milestones as a diabolical entity. </s>" <s> Islamist insurgents have ordered Somali radio stations to stop playing music, a ban that went into effect last Tuesday. This order follows the Islamists’ ban on musical ringtones, movies, men without beards, football, women’s beauty salons, and bras. Those not adhering to the new ban risk a grave threat to their physical well-being, which includes getting assassinated or undergoing Sharia-based punishments. Such punishments include having your limbs amputated, your eyes gauged out, your tongue cut out, and your ears cut off. A majority of radio stations in southern and central Somalia stopped playing music and jingles on Tuesday. In Mogadishu, the capital, only the government-controlled Radio Mogadishu, which is protected by African Union peacekeepers, and the UN-funded Radio Bar-Kulan, whose studio is in Nairobi, resisted the order. In order to understand this phenomenon, it is critical to keep in mind that for the totalitarian radical, experiencing any kind of joy means succumbing to the false consciousness that, in the utopian mindset, must be purged from the earth. Earthly joy distracts from the constant vigilance that is necessary to engage in revolutionary battle. This is why Lenin refused to listen to music, since, as he explained, “it makes you want to say stupid, nice things and stroke the heads of people who could create such beauty while living in this vile hell.” For Lenin, violent revolution was the priority — a priority endangered by the emotions music could induce. Sayyid Qutb, one of Islamism’s godfathers, could relate to this vision all too well — and he serves as a perfect example of Islam’s rejection of the joyous celebration of this world and this life. In his work Milestones, Qutb demonizes the pursuit of individual interests and sensual pleasures — but above all sexual pleasure — and of personal happiness and fulfillment. The word “desire” reverberates through Milestones as a diabolical entity. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Here is a DIY home decor project for the one-and-only in your life. The Doggy Bamboo Bed from Erika Lindquist is at the forefront of do-it-yourself dog beds. It's one of those simple and easy crafts that will yield rewarding results for you and your canine companion. Simply gather your materials and read through these instructions to learn how to add some luxury into the life of your best buddy. Craft project ideas don't get much more adorable than this relaxing oasis for your pup. Cut the bamboo to size (easiest with a man...with a chop saw). To determine the size of your bed frame, measure the size of your dog bed and add a few inches on each side for the bamboo to overlap. What's awesome about this project is you can use an already made dog bed that you have to place inside the bamboo frame. You can also make the frame as big or as small as you want it so virtually any sized dog can have one! This part is going to take two people. This is the ""square"" knot technique to combine the bamboo. After you get the bottom frame done, give it a test fit with the bed you will use. Next it's time to square that baby up as you attach the top frame. Repeat these steps for each corner of the bed frame. That's it! Well this is definitely a bed fit for a doggy prince or princess) My name has a little pooch who thinks she is royalty as she should think!! I feel she would definitely suit a bed like this, I am going to try make this for her and see what she thinks of it! Cool. I want to make one for my Ghost. She's my American Bulldog. </s>" <s> Here is a DIY home decor project for the one-and-only in your life. The Doggy Bamboo Bed from Erika Lindquist is at the forefront of do-it-yourself dog beds. It's one of those simple and easy crafts that will yield rewarding results for you and your canine companion. Simply gather your materials and read through these instructions to learn how to add some luxury into the life of your best buddy. Craft project ideas don't get much more adorable than this relaxing oasis for your pup. Cut the bamboo to size (easiest with a man...with a chop saw). To determine the size of your bed frame, measure the size of your dog bed and add a few inches on each side for the bamboo to overlap. What's awesome about this project is you can use an already made dog bed that you have to place inside the bamboo frame. You can also make the frame as big or as small as you want it so virtually any sized dog can have one! This part is going to take two people. This is the """square""" knot technique to combine the bamboo. After you get the bottom frame done, give it a test fit with the bed you will use. Next it's time to square that baby up as you attach the top frame. Repeat these steps for each corner of the bed frame. That's it! Well this is definitely a bed fit for a doggy prince or princess) My name has a little pooch who thinks she is royalty as she should think!! I feel she would definitely suit a bed like this, I am going to try make this for her and see what she thinks of it! Cool. I want to make one for my Ghost. She's my American Bulldog. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Coming Soon: Mobile Themes and More! Computers are really good at getting in our pants these days. We use our phones for all kinds of stuff now: browsing photos of our friends, making music, reading the news...and increasingly, for buying stuff. That’s why next week we’ll be making mobile themes available to every Shopify store. In addition to your main theme, you’ll be able to have a separate mobile theme that is only shown to visitors who are browsing your shop with a pocket-sized display. Theme designers will also be able to provide links so that visitors can switch the active theme back and forth between main and mobile. Shown above is the same shop as displayed on a desktop computer using the Moderno theme, and on a mobile phone with Ryan's upcoming mobile theme which will be available for free to use with any Shopify shop. This feature lets designers create first-class experiences for customers on the go, making it easier than ever for people to order your products from wherever they happen to be. As you can imagine, we're really stoked to see what kinds of designs people come up with for their new mobile storefronts! Until now, you’ve had to make do with just one theme that gets overwritten every time you install a new one. This makes it difficult to know how changes to your theme are going to look with your shop. Now that we've made it so shops can have more than one theme, we can improve the theming experience in another big way: unpublished themes, available starting next week with the mobile themes launch. Being able to quickly preview unpublished themes makes theme development a lot easier, especially when working with a live shop. You can easily duplicate one of your published themes to make changes to its templates or settings, then preview those changes before publishing them. All this is coming next week, and we have more ideas for how these features can be expanded upon in the future. Stay tuned! </s>" <s> Coming Soon: Mobile Themes and More! Computers are really good at getting in our pants these days. We use our phones for all kinds of stuff now: browsing photos of our friends, making music, reading the news...and increasingly, for buying stuff. That’s why next week we’ll be making mobile themes available to every Shopify store. In addition to your main theme, you’ll be able to have a separate mobile theme that is only shown to visitors who are browsing your shop with a pocket-sized display. Theme designers will also be able to provide links so that visitors can switch the active theme back and forth between main and mobile. Shown above is the same shop as displayed on a desktop computer using the Moderno theme, and on a mobile phone with Ryan's upcoming mobile theme which will be available for free to use with any Shopify shop. This feature lets designers create first-class experiences for customers on the go, making it easier than ever for people to order your products from wherever they happen to be. As you can imagine, we're really stoked to see what kinds of designs people come up with for their new mobile storefronts! Until now, you’ve had to make do with just one theme that gets overwritten every time you install a new one. This makes it difficult to know how changes to your theme are going to look with your shop. Now that we've made it so shops can have more than one theme, we can improve the theming experience in another big way: unpublished themes, available starting next week with the mobile themes launch. Being able to quickly preview unpublished themes makes theme development a lot easier, especially when working with a live shop. You can easily duplicate one of your published themes to make changes to its templates or settings, then preview those changes before publishing them. All this is coming next week, and we have more ideas for how these features can be expanded upon in the future. Stay tuned! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Add Cotton Traders to your favourites! Specialising in rugby apparel, Cotton Traders rugby shirts are hugely popular, along with Cotton Traders shoes. Each season, the Cotton Traders sale is also very busy. Customers can buy from the Cotton Traders shops, Cotton Traders catalogue as well as in the Cotton Traders outlet stores. For shoppers looking for extra savings, there are valid Cotton Trader discount code and Cotton Traders promotional code options available from time to time. Cotton Traders was first established in 1987. The brand was founded by former England Rugby Union captains, Fran Cotton and Steve Smith. There are over 125 stores nationwide. The brand was once part owned by Next, but now remains owned wholly by the two founders. Do you want to receive more offers from Cotton Traders by email? </s>" <s> Add Cotton Traders to your favourites! Specialising in rugby apparel, Cotton Traders rugby shirts are hugely popular, along with Cotton Traders shoes. Each season, the Cotton Traders sale is also very busy. Customers can buy from the Cotton Traders shops, Cotton Traders catalogue as well as in the Cotton Traders outlet stores. For shoppers looking for extra savings, there are valid Cotton Trader discount code and Cotton Traders promotional code options available from time to time. Cotton Traders was first established in 1987. The brand was founded by former England Rugby Union captains, Fran Cotton and Steve Smith. There are over 125 stores nationwide. The brand was once part owned by Next, but now remains owned wholly by the two founders. Do you want to receive more offers from Cotton Traders by email? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> PALM BAY, Florida – All of Brevard County is rooting for one its own residents as she will appear tonight in the upcoming season of CBS’s Survivor. The show will start at 8:00 p.m. as contestants hope to claim the $1 million dollar prize. Brevard County resident Ashley Nolan will appear on the show, and she has a really good chance on winning that prize based on her background. Nolan is a captain on the Brevard County Ocean Rescue squad. She is a 2009 graduate of Satellite High School where she was an All-Space Coast Volleyball Player. The Ocean Rescuer went on to Eastern Florida State College where she played volleyball for the Titans in 2009 and 2010. Nolan studied Emergency Medical Services at Eastern Florida State College and attained personal training certification from the American Council on Exercise. Season 35 of Survivor, Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers was filmed in Fiji’s Mamanuca Islands. Nolan was one of hundreds of potential castaways that auditioned for a shot to be on the hit show. Winning Survivor is very difficult, and it no easy task. Contestants must be in good shape, both physical and mental. Look for Brevard County’s own Ashley Nolan during tonight’s Survivor competition, starting at 8:00 p.m. on CBS. </s>" <s> PALM BAY, Florida – All of Brevard County is rooting for one its own residents as she will appear tonight in the upcoming season of CBS’s Survivor. The show will start at 8:00 p.m. as contestants hope to claim the $1 million dollar prize. Brevard County resident Ashley Nolan will appear on the show, and she has a really good chance on winning that prize based on her background. Nolan is a captain on the Brevard County Ocean Rescue squad. She is a 2009 graduate of Satellite High School where she was an All-Space Coast Volleyball Player. The Ocean Rescuer went on to Eastern Florida State College where she played volleyball for the Titans in 2009 and 2010. Nolan studied Emergency Medical Services at Eastern Florida State College and attained personal training certification from the American Council on Exercise. Season 35 of Survivor, Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers was filmed in Fiji’s Mamanuca Islands. Nolan was one of hundreds of potential castaways that auditioned for a shot to be on the hit show. Winning Survivor is very difficult, and it no easy task. Contestants must be in good shape, both physical and mental. Look for Brevard County’s own Ashley Nolan during tonight’s Survivor competition, starting at 8:00 p.m. on CBS. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Did you have a philosophy or plan in mind when your started your garden? We started digging quite spontaneously and the garden has grown ever since. We wanted an interesting garden with many different options and variations. We wanted it to blossom from spring to autumn, and we also wanted the opportunity to cultivate vegetables and herbs. Now, we have vegetables from early summer through October, with different kinds of carrots, garlic, beets, corn, spinach, lettuce, potatoes, herbs, artichokes, asparagus, and raspberries available. Tell us a bit about the location of your garden. We are in a unique location in the outer archipelago, which is in Zone 4-5. I've managed to get a number of unusual plants to overwinter despite the harsh winter climate, including a Magnolia stellata (star magnolia), which I cherish dearly. It probably survived because I laid out the big flowerbed in an old heap of stones. The stones hold the heat in the spring and the autumn, thus extending the growing season. Would you say that there is a particular Swedish style in gardens, particularly in your neighborhood? In my neighborhood, there is no specific tradition of gardening because it is an old agricultural landscape. But there are some beautiful plants in the plots: old peonies; this summer’s new favorite, Lilium martagon, columbines, and delicious-smelling wild honeysuckle and wild roses. How long have you been working on this garden? We've had the garden for about four years. When we moved into the house, there was nothing more than the forest and undergrowth. The first spring, we dug out a mound of stones, and started to plant the spring flowers in one corner of the flower bed and then continued to plant different kinds of plants as the season continued. The other big flower bed, next to the patio, is planted in the late summer, so that it blooms later in the season. But in the spring, it is filled with different kind of tulips, crocuses and alliums. And the last flower bed, which we made in the fall of 2010, is a mixture of different plants from existing flower beds, but is more symmetrical. There, the color palette is white, burgundy, and blue-purple. What plants have been successful in your garden? Which have been failures? It's all trial and error. And so far, I have only had bad luck with sage and rosemary. Also honeysuckle and I don’t really enjoy each other's company, but I think it belongs in a garden, so I struggle on. From the beginning, I have invested time and effort into planting flowers that will bloom all year. In the early spring, we have Pulsatilla vulgaris, narcissi, and primroses; over the summer there are day lilies, Trollius chinensis, old giant poppies, my great-grandfather's peonies and daisies; throughout the fall, we have echinacea, anemones, and Actaea simplex; and even in the winter, we have grass that withstands the frost beautifully and hellebores. The flowerbeds are spontaneous and experimental, with a mixture of “modern” plants and old traditional Swedish plants, as well as manicured lawns bordering the cultivated meadows and woodland. The garden had no real soil and the harsh winter climate and the dry summer are huge challenges, which thankfully, we did not understand when we started. The challenges are, and always will be, the winter cold and the drought in the summer. But to prevent the soil from drying, we've killed a birch tree, which stood at the edge of one bed, and let a few different varieties of clematis climb up and provide some shade for the other plants. Is there a color theme to your garden? There are varied color palettes throughout the garden. The flower garden in the mound of stones is an explosion of color, the flower bed next to our patio has a yellow and burgundy palette, and the new bed, next to the house, uses white, burgundy, blue, and purple flowers. What are the challenges of growing a garden in Sweden, in terms of climate and plants? The challenges vary tremendously, depending on where you live in Sweden, since the country contains of eight different climate zones. Down in the south, you can grow almost anything because they have mild winters and long, hot and humid summers. However, the risk of the plants getting damaged by the frost in the spring is rather large. In northern Sweden, the summers are very short, but on the other hand, the days are very long. Can you tell us about some of the plants you used in your garden? I probably have a hundred different varieties of plants in my garden, many of which are due to my trial-and-error attitude in my garden. Most of the plants I have planted have survived and flourished. But I am particularly proud of and really enjoy my great-grandfather's peonies and giant poppies that we moved there. We also have hellebores, mountain bamboo, anemones, Lilium martagon, columbines, various ornamental grasses, daffodils, climbing hortensia, different types of clematis, edelweiss, thyme, hosta plants, lilies, lilacs, orpines, and irises. Not to mention the 500 bulbs (tulips, daffodils, narcissi, crocuses, grape hyacinths, etc.) that I planted for the spring. The list goes on and on. I think our garden shows that we really go in for our projects, and that despite our minimalistic style in home decoration (our home is actually called The Clinic) we are both creative and have a sense of color. Next year, we will expand the area for growing vegetables, and for the first time, enjoy the home-grown asparagus, which has tempted us for three years now. In the first big flower bed, we need to trim some herbs and flowers that have spread a bit too much. Then we have the little job of paving the driveway before we can sit down and enjoy watching everything grow. Go with your instinct and don’t be afraid to try something new. If you don’t like the plants or where they are planted, you can just move them around. Also, remember to keep the different heights of your garden in mind, and plant different plants that bloom throughout the season, from spring to autumn. But adapt the gardening to suit your own skill level. </s>" <s> Did you have a philosophy or plan in mind when your started your garden? We started digging quite spontaneously and the garden has grown ever since. We wanted an interesting garden with many different options and variations. We wanted it to blossom from spring to autumn, and we also wanted the opportunity to cultivate vegetables and herbs. Now, we have vegetables from early summer through October, with different kinds of carrots, garlic, beets, corn, spinach, lettuce, potatoes, herbs, artichokes, asparagus, and raspberries available. Tell us a bit about the location of your garden. We are in a unique location in the outer archipelago, which is in Zone 4-5. I've managed to get a number of unusual plants to overwinter despite the harsh winter climate, including a Magnolia stellata (star magnolia), which I cherish dearly. It probably survived because I laid out the big flowerbed in an old heap of stones. The stones hold the heat in the spring and the autumn, thus extending the growing season. Would you say that there is a particular Swedish style in gardens, particularly in your neighborhood? In my neighborhood, there is no specific tradition of gardening because it is an old agricultural landscape. But there are some beautiful plants in the plots: old peonies; this summer’s new favorite, Lilium martagon, columbines, and delicious-smelling wild honeysuckle and wild roses. How long have you been working on this garden? We've had the garden for about four years. When we moved into the house, there was nothing more than the forest and undergrowth. The first spring, we dug out a mound of stones, and started to plant the spring flowers in one corner of the flower bed and then continued to plant different kinds of plants as the season continued. The other big flower bed, next to the patio, is planted in the late summer, so that it blooms later in the season. But in the spring, it is filled with different kind of tulips, crocuses and alliums. And the last flower bed, which we made in the fall of 2010, is a mixture of different plants from existing flower beds, but is more symmetrical. There, the color palette is white, burgundy, and blue-purple. What plants have been successful in your garden? Which have been failures? It's all trial and error. And so far, I have only had bad luck with sage and rosemary. Also honeysuckle and I don’t really enjoy each other's company, but I think it belongs in a garden, so I struggle on. From the beginning, I have invested time and effort into planting flowers that will bloom all year. In the early spring, we have Pulsatilla vulgaris, narcissi, and primroses; over the summer there are day lilies, Trollius chinensis, old giant poppies, my great-grandfather's peonies and daisies; throughout the fall, we have echinacea, anemones, and Actaea simplex; and even in the winter, we have grass that withstands the frost beautifully and hellebores. The flowerbeds are spontaneous and experimental, with a mixture of “modern” plants and old traditional Swedish plants, as well as manicured lawns bordering the cultivated meadows and woodland. The garden had no real soil and the harsh winter climate and the dry summer are huge challenges, which thankfully, we did not understand when we started. The challenges are, and always will be, the winter cold and the drought in the summer. But to prevent the soil from drying, we've killed a birch tree, which stood at the edge of one bed, and let a few different varieties of clematis climb up and provide some shade for the other plants. Is there a color theme to your garden? There are varied color palettes throughout the garden. The flower garden in the mound of stones is an explosion of color, the flower bed next to our patio has a yellow and burgundy palette, and the new bed, next to the house, uses white, burgundy, blue, and purple flowers. What are the challenges of growing a garden in Sweden, in terms of climate and plants? The challenges vary tremendously, depending on where you live in Sweden, since the country contains of eight different climate zones. Down in the south, you can grow almost anything because they have mild winters and long, hot and humid summers. However, the risk of the plants getting damaged by the frost in the spring is rather large. In northern Sweden, the summers are very short, but on the other hand, the days are very long. Can you tell us about some of the plants you used in your garden? I probably have a hundred different varieties of plants in my garden, many of which are due to my trial-and-error attitude in my garden. Most of the plants I have planted have survived and flourished. But I am particularly proud of and really enjoy my great-grandfather's peonies and giant poppies that we moved there. We also have hellebores, mountain bamboo, anemones, Lilium martagon, columbines, various ornamental grasses, daffodils, climbing hortensia, different types of clematis, edelweiss, thyme, hosta plants, lilies, lilacs, orpines, and irises. Not to mention the 500 bulbs (tulips, daffodils, narcissi, crocuses, grape hyacinths, etc.) that I planted for the spring. The list goes on and on. I think our garden shows that we really go in for our projects, and that despite our minimalistic style in home decoration (our home is actually called The Clinic) we are both creative and have a sense of color. Next year, we will expand the area for growing vegetables, and for the first time, enjoy the home-grown asparagus, which has tempted us for three years now. In the first big flower bed, we need to trim some herbs and flowers that have spread a bit too much. Then we have the little job of paving the driveway before we can sit down and enjoy watching everything grow. Go with your instinct and don’t be afraid to try something new. If you don’t like the plants or where they are planted, you can just move them around. Also, remember to keep the different heights of your garden in mind, and plant different plants that bloom throughout the season, from spring to autumn. But adapt the gardening to suit your own skill level. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> The woollies wish you a grand Jubilee Hello.....Although the weather has been awful, celebrations are still going ahead and the bunting is fluttering merrily in the rain!! Happy weekend!! This picture made me smile! The Jubilee Queen is very popular here in the States too. You must be very proud. Longarm quilter, obsessed by fabric and loved by a wonderful husband, two beautiful girls, two very woolly dogs and two pussycats. To get my webshop button copy the code below. To get my long-arm quilting website button copy the code below. (c) Copyright the running chicken quilting co. All rights reserved. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger. </s>" <s> The woollies wish you a grand Jubilee Hello.....Although the weather has been awful, celebrations are still going ahead and the bunting is fluttering merrily in the rain!! Happy weekend!! This picture made me smile! The Jubilee Queen is very popular here in the States too. You must be very proud. Longarm quilter, obsessed by fabric and loved by a wonderful husband, two beautiful girls, two very woolly dogs and two pussycats. To get my webshop button copy the code below. To get my long-arm quilting website button copy the code below. (c) Copyright the running chicken quilting co. All rights reserved. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Beautiful Craftsman Style Home, with a very open floor plan. The Huntington is a very versatile plan featuring 3 bedrroms, sitting room off the master bedroom, a bonus room, loft area and laundry room on the upper level. The main level features a first floor bedroom with full bath, gourmet kitchen with an incredibly large island, spectacular great room plus a study. The home is situated a half acre homesite. </s>" <s> Beautiful Craftsman Style Home, with a very open floor plan. The Huntington is a very versatile plan featuring 3 bedrroms, sitting room off the master bedroom, a bonus room, loft area and laundry room on the upper level. The main level features a first floor bedroom with full bath, gourmet kitchen with an incredibly large island, spectacular great room plus a study. The home is situated a half acre homesite. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> At Pro Kitchen Remodeling, Kitchen Remodeling will be done by trained and experienced professionals. You can get a quick quotation so that you will understand different features and the services can be ordered at the earliest. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA caters to remodeling of kitchens in small apartments, villas and commercial complexes. Kitchen remodels will have one to one interaction so that all your ideas will be implemented as per your needs. Licensed, bonded and insured Kitchen Remodeling services are offered in Wyoming through Pro Kitchen Remodeling. The services can be hired after contacting others in Etters, PA. There will not be any conflict of interests and the services will be delivered in an effortless manner. You can go through the samples and reviews offered by previous customers so that there will not be any ambiguity. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA has number of Kitchen Remodeling strategies. Kitchen remodel staff will deal with you in a gentle way. All your concerns will be addressed without fail. You can call us at 844-244-6433 so that you will have a quick estimate about different kinds of services. It is very much important to get services from proven service provider so that the work will last for a lifetime. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA services are offered to make the most of your investment. Kitchen remodeler will share you the latest trends in the kitchen design and installation practices. This will help you go for the best remodeling job. By remodeling the kitchen as per the latest standards, it is possible to prepare different kinds of food items quickly and hygienically. The cook, assistant cook and the cleaning staff will find the difference and would like to spend more time in the kitchen. </s>" <s> At Pro Kitchen Remodeling, Kitchen Remodeling will be done by trained and experienced professionals. You can get a quick quotation so that you will understand different features and the services can be ordered at the earliest. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA caters to remodeling of kitchens in small apartments, villas and commercial complexes. Kitchen remodels will have one to one interaction so that all your ideas will be implemented as per your needs. Licensed, bonded and insured Kitchen Remodeling services are offered in Wyoming through Pro Kitchen Remodeling. The services can be hired after contacting others in Etters, PA. There will not be any conflict of interests and the services will be delivered in an effortless manner. You can go through the samples and reviews offered by previous customers so that there will not be any ambiguity. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA has number of Kitchen Remodeling strategies. Kitchen remodel staff will deal with you in a gentle way. All your concerns will be addressed without fail. You can call us at 844-244-6433 so that you will have a quick estimate about different kinds of services. It is very much important to get services from proven service provider so that the work will last for a lifetime. Pro Kitchen Remodeling in Etters, PA services are offered to make the most of your investment. Kitchen remodeler will share you the latest trends in the kitchen design and installation practices. This will help you go for the best remodeling job. By remodeling the kitchen as per the latest standards, it is possible to prepare different kinds of food items quickly and hygienically. The cook, assistant cook and the cleaning staff will find the difference and would like to spend more time in the kitchen. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> For power devices like power MOSFETs, power BJT and power diodes, heat sink is very important to provide thermal relief. From the name itself, it will sink the heat from the power devices and help controls the temperature in the safe zone. In this article I will discuss heat sink thermal resistance calculation. For a system with forced cooling method, heat sink size may not that big. However, for convection cooling or natural cooling the heat sink size will really matters. This heat sink thermal resistance calculation is being prepared especially for convection cooling. In forced cooling system like the one with fan, a small heat sink size will be enough. There will be no need for detailed analysis normally on how exactly the size of the heat sink is. This will not be the case for convection or natural cooling. The heat sink’s effectiveness is being measured in terms of its thermal resistance. There will be physically big-looking heat sink but has higher thermal resistance than a small-looking heat sink. By the way, an ideal heat sink has zero thermal resistance. In real application, a smaller thermal resistance heat sink is preferred. Below illustration is very important for heat sink thermal resistance calculation. The figure itself explains everything so no need to elaborate. In between temperatures, there is a thermal resistance as illustrated below. Below is an equation relating the temperatures and thermal resistances. The heat sink thermal resistance and what we are after of is the variable Rthhsa. By simple re-arrangement of the above equation will give the Rthhsa. In this article we are not going to design heat sinks nor measure its thermal resistance. We are going to calculate what size of heat sink our circuit needs instead. There are many off the shelf heat sinks available online wherein you can select from. For instance the circuit needs a heat sink with 1’C/W thermal resistance; buy a heat sink with thermal resistance lower than this. A power MOSFET has a total computed power dissipation of 10 watts. The device maximum junction temperature is 150’C. The actual case temperature of the MOSFET must be maintained equal to or below 100’C for a reliable operation. The MOSFET thermal resistance from junction to case is 3 K/W. Determine the minimum heat sink size needed. Rthjc is specified above as 3 K/W. Rthchs is the thermal resistance between the MOSFET case and the heat sink. Basically this is the thermal resistance of the element that binds the case and the heat sink. This can be an LMS, a screw, a bolt, a clip and so on. In recent SMPS, LMS is popular since it will not consume space. In this heat sink thermal resistance calculation example, the thermal resistance between MOSFET case and the heat sink is not provided. We can just neglect this one considering that the MOSFET body is perfectly binds with the heat sink. However, we should consider a margin so that we can accommodate this assumption. We will use the given equation above as re-writen below. Rememeber that we are neglecting the thermal resistance from MOSFET case to heat sink; you may use a heat sink with thermal resistance that is very much lower than 2 K/W. In the above example, the junction and the case temperatures are expressed in terms of degrees Celsius. On the other hand the thermal resistance from junction to case (Rthjc) has a unit of K/W. How come that 5’C/W – 3K/W = 2K/W? We can only directly do subtraction if the units are the same. Actually, there is nothing wrong on the above computations. The thermal resistance from junction to ambient or junction to case is specified in the datasheets in either ‘C/W or K/W. They are the same and no need for unit conversion. When we add a constant 273 on the temperature in degrees Celsius, it will become already a Kelvin. The term inside the close and open parenthesis is already in kelvin. If we further simplify the equation, the constant 273 will be cancelled out and what will remain is the term (150-100) which is in unit kelvin now divided by 10W. Subtracted by 3 K/W, the result is 2 K/W. Therefore, don’t mind to do unit conversion. </s>" <s> For power devices like power MOSFETs, power BJT and power diodes, heat sink is very important to provide thermal relief. From the name itself, it will sink the heat from the power devices and help controls the temperature in the safe zone. In this article I will discuss heat sink thermal resistance calculation. For a system with forced cooling method, heat sink size may not that big. However, for convection cooling or natural cooling the heat sink size will really matters. This heat sink thermal resistance calculation is being prepared especially for convection cooling. In forced cooling system like the one with fan, a small heat sink size will be enough. There will be no need for detailed analysis normally on how exactly the size of the heat sink is. This will not be the case for convection or natural cooling. The heat sink’s effectiveness is being measured in terms of its thermal resistance. There will be physically big-looking heat sink but has higher thermal resistance than a small-looking heat sink. By the way, an ideal heat sink has zero thermal resistance. In real application, a smaller thermal resistance heat sink is preferred. Below illustration is very important for heat sink thermal resistance calculation. The figure itself explains everything so no need to elaborate. In between temperatures, there is a thermal resistance as illustrated below. Below is an equation relating the temperatures and thermal resistances. The heat sink thermal resistance and what we are after of is the variable Rthhsa. By simple re-arrangement of the above equation will give the Rthhsa. In this article we are not going to design heat sinks nor measure its thermal resistance. We are going to calculate what size of heat sink our circuit needs instead. There are many off the shelf heat sinks available online wherein you can select from. For instance the circuit needs a heat sink with 1’C/W thermal resistance; buy a heat sink with thermal resistance lower than this. A power MOSFET has a total computed power dissipation of 10 watts. The device maximum junction temperature is 150’C. The actual case temperature of the MOSFET must be maintained equal to or below 100’C for a reliable operation. The MOSFET thermal resistance from junction to case is 3 K/W. Determine the minimum heat sink size needed. Rthjc is specified above as 3 K/W. Rthchs is the thermal resistance between the MOSFET case and the heat sink. Basically this is the thermal resistance of the element that binds the case and the heat sink. This can be an LMS, a screw, a bolt, a clip and so on. In recent SMPS, LMS is popular since it will not consume space. In this heat sink thermal resistance calculation example, the thermal resistance between MOSFET case and the heat sink is not provided. We can just neglect this one considering that the MOSFET body is perfectly binds with the heat sink. However, we should consider a margin so that we can accommodate this assumption. We will use the given equation above as re-writen below. Rememeber that we are neglecting the thermal resistance from MOSFET case to heat sink; you may use a heat sink with thermal resistance that is very much lower than 2 K/W. In the above example, the junction and the case temperatures are expressed in terms of degrees Celsius. On the other hand the thermal resistance from junction to case (Rthjc) has a unit of K/W. How come that 5’C/W – 3K/W = 2K/W? We can only directly do subtraction if the units are the same. Actually, there is nothing wrong on the above computations. The thermal resistance from junction to ambient or junction to case is specified in the datasheets in either ‘C/W or K/W. They are the same and no need for unit conversion. When we add a constant 273 on the temperature in degrees Celsius, it will become already a Kelvin. The term inside the close and open parenthesis is already in kelvin. If we further simplify the equation, the constant 273 will be cancelled out and what will remain is the term (150-100) which is in unit kelvin now divided by 10W. Subtracted by 3 K/W, the result is 2 K/W. Therefore, don’t mind to do unit conversion. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The CANM8 CANNECT HIGHBEAM interface is a single output CAN Bus interface which provides a quick solution for detecting high beam activity on vehicles which feature CAN Bus wiring. The CANM8 CANNECT HIGHBEAM is an ideal solution for vehicles which require the installation of additional driving lights (via a relay) which are switched on when the vehicle high beam is active. This interface allows quick and easy installation which integrates the control of additional driving lights with the vehicle's high beam control. PURPLE > High Beam Output : 12v (1A max) when the high beam is active. </s>" <s> The CANM8 CANNECT HIGHBEAM interface is a single output CAN Bus interface which provides a quick solution for detecting high beam activity on vehicles which feature CAN Bus wiring. The CANM8 CANNECT HIGHBEAM is an ideal solution for vehicles which require the installation of additional driving lights (via a relay) which are switched on when the vehicle high beam is active. This interface allows quick and easy installation which integrates the control of additional driving lights with the vehicle's high beam control. PURPLE > High Beam Output : 12v (1A max) when the high beam is active. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Luís Prochnow. 2018. Modernization, Yes, but Follow Agronomic Principles. Better Crops 102(4): 35. </s>" <s> Luís Prochnow. 2018. Modernization, Yes, but Follow Agronomic Principles. Better Crops 102(4): 35. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Zest Insights brings you the latest in machine learning and credit underwriting. We believe in a world where everyone has access to fair and transparent credit, and machine learning is the way to get us there. Machine learning is changing every industry, and now’s the time to bring this new predictive power to your lending business. </s>" <s> Zest Insights brings you the latest in machine learning and credit underwriting. We believe in a world where everyone has access to fair and transparent credit, and machine learning is the way to get us there. Machine learning is changing every industry, and now’s the time to bring this new predictive power to your lending business. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Paul converted to Christianity and saw the light while walking through 'The Street Called Straight' in Damascus. Jesus' followers were called Christians for the first time in Antioch, formerly part of Syria. One is reminded of the proverbial saying, ""When the elephants fight, the grass suffers."" Certainly, Eastern Christianity is suffering and threatened with extinction. Syria was a model of religious tolerance, common living and peaceful interaction amongst its religious, sectarian, cultural and ethnic components. Seven years of turmoil, in which various international and regional powers manipulated segments of Syrian society by supplying them with an abundance of weapons, money and sectarian ideologies, has heightened Eastern Christians' fears. During the seven-year turmoil in Syria, the entire society has suffered; Sunnis, Shiites, Alawites, Yazidis, Kurds, Christians and others. Christians, being a weak and peaceful component of the society, have suffered immensely. Ma'aloula; a religious treasure for Christians globally, and the only city in the world where Aramaic -- the language of Jesus Christ -- is spoken, was attacked and besieged by ISIS. Numerous historic Churches were damaged, and many destroyed. Christians in Raqqa were forced by ISIS into one of three options: 1. Pay a penalty in pure gold -- known as a 'Jizya' to keep their life and practice their faith -- albeit in secret only; 2. Convert into Islam; or 3. Face immediate death. To top their pain, the kidnap of the two prominent Archbishops meant no Eastern Christian believer was safe. a. The three monotheistic religions believe in one God and all 'faithfuls' are equal in citizenship, rights and duties. The Christian West: The Crusades, Western colonialism, creation and continued support of Israel, support of authoritarian Arab political systems, military interventions, regime change, and the destabilization of Arab states made Muslims view Eastern Christians 'guilty by association'. The Christian West helped Jews come to Palestine to establish Israel. Shouldn't the same Christian West also help Eastern Christians remain in their homeland, rather than facilitate their emigration? Western Christians, particularly Christian Zionists, believe that the existence of Israel is necessary for the return of Jesus to his homeland. However, it would be a great disappointment for Jesus to return to his homeland, Syria and not find any of his followers. Prior to 2011, Eastern Christian religious leaders were encouraging Syrian Christians in the diaspora to return to Syria, their homeland, where life was safe and secure with great potential. Now, the same leaders are desperately trying to slow down Christian emigration. Eastern Christians' loud cries for help to remain are blowing in the wind. </s>" <s> Paul converted to Christianity and saw the light while walking through 'The Street Called Straight' in Damascus. Jesus' followers were called Christians for the first time in Antioch, formerly part of Syria. One is reminded of the proverbial saying, """When" the elephants fight, the grass "suffers.""" Certainly, Eastern Christianity is suffering and threatened with extinction. Syria was a model of religious tolerance, common living and peaceful interaction amongst its religious, sectarian, cultural and ethnic components. Seven years of turmoil, in which various international and regional powers manipulated segments of Syrian society by supplying them with an abundance of weapons, money and sectarian ideologies, has heightened Eastern Christians' fears. During the seven-year turmoil in Syria, the entire society has suffered; Sunnis, Shiites, Alawites, Yazidis, Kurds, Christians and others. Christians, being a weak and peaceful component of the society, have suffered immensely. Ma'aloula; a religious treasure for Christians globally, and the only city in the world where Aramaic -- the language of Jesus Christ -- is spoken, was attacked and besieged by ISIS. Numerous historic Churches were damaged, and many destroyed. Christians in Raqqa were forced by ISIS into one of three options: 1. Pay a penalty in pure gold -- known as a 'Jizya' to keep their life and practice their faith -- albeit in secret only; 2. Convert into Islam; or 3. Face immediate death. To top their pain, the kidnap of the two prominent Archbishops meant no Eastern Christian believer was safe. a. The three monotheistic religions believe in one God and all 'faithfuls' are equal in citizenship, rights and duties. The Christian West: The Crusades, Western colonialism, creation and continued support of Israel, support of authoritarian Arab political systems, military interventions, regime change, and the destabilization of Arab states made Muslims view Eastern Christians 'guilty by association'. The Christian West helped Jews come to Palestine to establish Israel. Shouldn't the same Christian West also help Eastern Christians remain in their homeland, rather than facilitate their emigration? Western Christians, particularly Christian Zionists, believe that the existence of Israel is necessary for the return of Jesus to his homeland. However, it would be a great disappointment for Jesus to return to his homeland, Syria and not find any of his followers. Prior to 2011, Eastern Christian religious leaders were encouraging Syrian Christians in the diaspora to return to Syria, their homeland, where life was safe and secure with great potential. Now, the same leaders are desperately trying to slow down Christian emigration. Eastern Christians' loud cries for help to remain are blowing in the wind. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> New members may experience a small delay when they make their first post. This is to keep spam to a minimum and, hopefully, prevent all spam. Spam is a problem for all groups, whether this type, Yahoo Groups, Skype, you name it. All groups have their spammers. We have taken two steps to counteract this. 1, To have all new members approved by admins. 2, to have the new member's first post moderated, but only the first post. If a second post is made before the first has been approved then that too will enter a moderation queue. Once a new member's post has been approved, all their successive posts will appear on the forum instantly. We apologise for this initial delay, but we hope you understand that it is necessary to do this. This will ensure that all members are genuine radio-related enthusiasts. Hi everyone this is my first posting. Have an interest in DXTV some years ago. Used to be active on Amateur Television on 70cm and later on 23cm. Listen to the Pirates on 48m and MW. Would like to get into FMDXing and have a Sony ST-SE500 that i would like to mod. I enjoy building antennas for all bands. Welcome to the group Andy! Hi Andy welcome to the forum regarding the Sony 500 that unfortunately is not a good one to mod I did one and was rubbish due to the two filters it uses. The best Sonys are Sony ST-S311 ST-SE700 ST-SB920 these are easy to mod the ST-SE520 that is harder to do but ok there's also ST-SE370 and 570 all can be had for little money. </s>" <s> New members may experience a small delay when they make their first post. This is to keep spam to a minimum and, hopefully, prevent all spam. Spam is a problem for all groups, whether this type, Yahoo Groups, Skype, you name it. All groups have their spammers. We have taken two steps to counteract this. 1, To have all new members approved by admins. 2, to have the new member's first post moderated, but only the first post. If a second post is made before the first has been approved then that too will enter a moderation queue. Once a new member's post has been approved, all their successive posts will appear on the forum instantly. We apologise for this initial delay, but we hope you understand that it is necessary to do this. This will ensure that all members are genuine radio-related enthusiasts. Hi everyone this is my first posting. Have an interest in DXTV some years ago. Used to be active on Amateur Television on 70cm and later on 23cm. Listen to the Pirates on 48m and MW. Would like to get into FMDXing and have a Sony ST-SE500 that i would like to mod. I enjoy building antennas for all bands. Welcome to the group Andy! Hi Andy welcome to the forum regarding the Sony 500 that unfortunately is not a good one to mod I did one and was rubbish due to the two filters it uses. The best Sonys are Sony ST-S311 ST-SE700 ST-SB920 these are easy to mod the ST-SE520 that is harder to do but ok there's also ST-SE370 and 570 all can be had for little money. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Find local bargains in and near Caldbergh (North-Yorkshire). The listings below are an automated feed from Ebay for the village ""Caldbergh"". View more listed items with ""Caldbergh"" in the title. (Problem with any of these listings? Report it to us here). </s>" <s> Find local bargains in and near Caldbergh (North-Yorkshire). The listings below are an automated feed from Ebay for the village """Caldbergh""." View more listed items with """Caldbergh""" in the title. (Problem with any of these listings? Report it to us here). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Ultracalming cleanser Posted by Kate S on September 20 2012 at 14:50This is a great product. I have very sensitive skin and most products irritate my face. However this product has been amazing. It calms the redness in my face and cleanses it really well without being harsh. I would recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin. </s>" <s> Ultracalming cleanser Posted by Kate S on September 20 2012 at 14:50This is a great product. I have very sensitive skin and most products irritate my face. However this product has been amazing. It calms the redness in my face and cleanses it really well without being harsh. I would recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Taking care of Insurance needs for Sudbury residents for the past 25 years. Vehicle damage is a fact of life. Trees fall on them, theft may occur and even the most careful driver may be involved in a traffic accident. United Link Insurance Brokers not only insures damage to your vehicle and passengers, but the damage you may do to other vehicles, property or individual(s). Now acting as an an independent Insurance Brokerage known as United Link Insurance Brokers, we combine products provided by the most respected insurance providers into a custom package that meets your personal or business needs. The urge to protect our homes, the place where we lay our heads and raise our children, is universal. United Link Insurance Brokers helps keep the castle safe and sound with comprehensive coverage that guards against theft, fire and storm damage. Todd LaRocque and Mark McBain have been protecting Sudbury friends, neighbors and businesses against the inevitable bumps and bruises of life for the past 25 years . If you own a business, you’ve got enough on your mind without worrying about what will happen if an employee is injured on the job or your roof is damaged. United Link Insurance Brokers helps you minimize your risk with a comprehensive array of products designed just for business: general liability, workers compensation, group health insurance – even special coverage for home businesses. </s>" <s> Taking care of Insurance needs for Sudbury residents for the past 25 years. Vehicle damage is a fact of life. Trees fall on them, theft may occur and even the most careful driver may be involved in a traffic accident. United Link Insurance Brokers not only insures damage to your vehicle and passengers, but the damage you may do to other vehicles, property or individual(s). Now acting as an an independent Insurance Brokerage known as United Link Insurance Brokers, we combine products provided by the most respected insurance providers into a custom package that meets your personal or business needs. The urge to protect our homes, the place where we lay our heads and raise our children, is universal. United Link Insurance Brokers helps keep the castle safe and sound with comprehensive coverage that guards against theft, fire and storm damage. Todd LaRocque and Mark McBain have been protecting Sudbury friends, neighbors and businesses against the inevitable bumps and bruises of life for the past 25 years . If you own a business, you’ve got enough on your mind without worrying about what will happen if an employee is injured on the job or your roof is damaged. United Link Insurance Brokers helps you minimize your risk with a comprehensive array of products designed just for business: general liability, workers compensation, group health insurance – even special coverage for home businesses. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Every weekday in term time from 9.30am until 3.00pm. £10.95 per child, price includes entrance, any meal from the children's menu, a drink, and a pottery tile to paint & keep (firing of tile can take up to 10 days). Arts & Crafts and Teddy Bear Story Time also taking place from 10.30am. Every weekday during term time after 3pm, £7.50 per child, price includes entrance, any meal from the children's menu (excluding lunch boxes) and a drink. </s>" <s> Every weekday in term time from 9.30am until 3.00pm. £10.95 per child, price includes entrance, any meal from the children's menu, a drink, and a pottery tile to paint & keep (firing of tile can take up to 10 days). Arts & Crafts and Teddy Bear Story Time also taking place from 10.30am. Every weekday during term time after 3pm, £7.50 per child, price includes entrance, any meal from the children's menu (excluding lunch boxes) and a drink. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Deanna’s face was bright red, and sweat was pouring down her face. I set another ice chip in her mouth and she took it gratefully. I sighed, the bags under my eyes must be apparent by now. I’d gotten little sleep in the last 36 hours. Neither of us had. Turning to Beverly, I shook my head, this had gone on long enough. Beverly’s eyes flickered up towards my own. Sighing once again, I placed a kiss against Deanna’s forehead. A long and hard contraction began to bite its way through her. Her body shook as it fought against the contraction. Deanna looked at me and spoke through gritted teeth. I could do nothing but abide by her wishes. My guard went up as someone came into the room. We’d dimmed the lights to get some rest, and we hadn’t bothered to turn them on. Deanna had been sensitive to light lately. Whomever entered the room turned the lights up just enough so that our eyes could adjust. It was Beverly who took the first step towards her ‘double’. The red-headed woman nodded her head at Beverly and took another step towards us. Beverly smiled and nodded at her grandmother. I smiled at the two of them, they really did look like twin sisters. There were of course, minor differences. Bridget got down to business and looked Deanna over. I stifled a yawn and looked Bridget in the eye. Bridget nodded her head and gave a smile to bleary eyed Deanna on the bed. Deanna’s eyes grew wide, they were wild and seemed untamed. Bridget shook her head and took Deanna’s hand and squeezed it for a moment. A confused expression crossed Deanna’s face. Bridget shook her head no once more. But it was Beverly that spoke. Deanna was still confused. I wiped the sweat from her forehead and reached into the plastic cup for another ice chip. She shook her head and pushed my hands away. Her hand was resting over her belly and I placed a hand over own. She was really being stubborn about this. Bridget came into her line of vision. The waterworks began again, I did my best to hold my own back. There was only so much pain that she could withstand. Bridget furrowed her eyebrows together, confused at Deanna’s wording. Deanna shook her head no as another hard contraction took its grip on her. Bridget waited until Deanna could catch her breath and then listened as she continued. Bridget gave Deanna a sympathetic smile. But it didn’t reach her eyes, there suddenly seemed to be a sad quality to them. Beverly’s eyes became wide, but they weren’t in sadness they were almost in anger. Bridget was all business again and pulled at her white coat. Deanna shook her head once more. She wasn’t budging on the subject. Bridget looked at Beverly and then back to Deanna. Bridget shook her head and placed a hand on Deanna’s belly. Deanna turned her gaze towards me, very determined to show me what she was talking about. Swallowing, I tried to brush off her stinging question. Deanna huffed, slightly satisfied. Then her attitude changed and she looked at Bridget. Bridget gave Deanna a warm smile and pulled a drawer open, taking out two syringes. One filled with local anesthetic and the other an epidural. I felt Deanna steel herself in my arms on my right while Beverly held her upright on the left. Deanna nodded and shut her eyes, her left hand digging into my back. She’d buried her head in my neck just as she had during Laura’s birth. Beverly was doing her best to give her words of encouragement. After Bridget finished inserting the needle into Deanna’s lower back, she paused for a second. Deanna desperately tried looking behind her. All I could think of was that Doctor Sartos must have gotten to her, taken whatever blood samples she wanted from her. I tried to get her to take another ice chip, but yet again she pushed my hands away. Giving a tired sigh, I tried once again. She again pushed my hands away. It was hard enough knowing that we were once again stuck here. But I knew that Bridget would help us. </s>" <s> Deanna’s face was bright red, and sweat was pouring down her face. I set another ice chip in her mouth and she took it gratefully. I sighed, the bags under my eyes must be apparent by now. I’d gotten little sleep in the last 36 hours. Neither of us had. Turning to Beverly, I shook my head, this had gone on long enough. Beverly’s eyes flickered up towards my own. Sighing once again, I placed a kiss against Deanna’s forehead. A long and hard contraction began to bite its way through her. Her body shook as it fought against the contraction. Deanna looked at me and spoke through gritted teeth. I could do nothing but abide by her wishes. My guard went up as someone came into the room. We’d dimmed the lights to get some rest, and we hadn’t bothered to turn them on. Deanna had been sensitive to light lately. Whomever entered the room turned the lights up just enough so that our eyes could adjust. It was Beverly who took the first step towards her ‘double’. The red-headed woman nodded her head at Beverly and took another step towards us. Beverly smiled and nodded at her grandmother. I smiled at the two of them, they really did look like twin sisters. There were of course, minor differences. Bridget got down to business and looked Deanna over. I stifled a yawn and looked Bridget in the eye. Bridget nodded her head and gave a smile to bleary eyed Deanna on the bed. Deanna’s eyes grew wide, they were wild and seemed untamed. Bridget shook her head and took Deanna’s hand and squeezed it for a moment. A confused expression crossed Deanna’s face. Bridget shook her head no once more. But it was Beverly that spoke. Deanna was still confused. I wiped the sweat from her forehead and reached into the plastic cup for another ice chip. She shook her head and pushed my hands away. Her hand was resting over her belly and I placed a hand over own. She was really being stubborn about this. Bridget came into her line of vision. The waterworks began again, I did my best to hold my own back. There was only so much pain that she could withstand. Bridget furrowed her eyebrows together, confused at Deanna’s wording. Deanna shook her head no as another hard contraction took its grip on her. Bridget waited until Deanna could catch her breath and then listened as she continued. Bridget gave Deanna a sympathetic smile. But it didn’t reach her eyes, there suddenly seemed to be a sad quality to them. Beverly’s eyes became wide, but they weren’t in sadness they were almost in anger. Bridget was all business again and pulled at her white coat. Deanna shook her head once more. She wasn’t budging on the subject. Bridget looked at Beverly and then back to Deanna. Bridget shook her head and placed a hand on Deanna’s belly. Deanna turned her gaze towards me, very determined to show me what she was talking about. Swallowing, I tried to brush off her stinging question. Deanna huffed, slightly satisfied. Then her attitude changed and she looked at Bridget. Bridget gave Deanna a warm smile and pulled a drawer open, taking out two syringes. One filled with local anesthetic and the other an epidural. I felt Deanna steel herself in my arms on my right while Beverly held her upright on the left. Deanna nodded and shut her eyes, her left hand digging into my back. She’d buried her head in my neck just as she had during Laura’s birth. Beverly was doing her best to give her words of encouragement. After Bridget finished inserting the needle into Deanna’s lower back, she paused for a second. Deanna desperately tried looking behind her. All I could think of was that Doctor Sartos must have gotten to her, taken whatever blood samples she wanted from her. I tried to get her to take another ice chip, but yet again she pushed my hands away. Giving a tired sigh, I tried once again. She again pushed my hands away. It was hard enough knowing that we were once again stuck here. But I knew that Bridget would help us. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> We deliver a mix of information and entertainment across a range of different media. In doing so we fulfil the needs and demands of our advertisers, viewers and readers. Scottish Media Group plc is one of the largest cross-platform media companies serving Scotland. The company, formerly known as Scottish Television, has held the STV license, serving central Scotland and more than 3.4 million television viewers since 1957, and the license for Grampian Television, Scotland's second largest television broadcaster, serving 1.1 million viewers across northern Scotland, since 1997. Together, these two members of the United Kingdom's ITV (Independent Television) network produce more than 1,400 hours of programming each year. With the legislation passed in 1996 allowing cross-media ownership in the United Kingdom, Scottish Media Group has expanded beyond television broadcasting to include such market leaders in newspaper publishing as the Herald, the Evening Times, and the Sunday Herald; magazine publishing, through subsidiary Caledonian Magazines; and electronic publishing, through subsidiary Delphic Interactive. Scottish Media Group has also branched into outdoor advertising with the acquisition of Primesight in March 1999. Consistently rumored as a takeover target for the consolidating U.K. television and publishing markets, Scottish Media Group has affirmed its intention to retain its independence and its base in Scotland. Nonetheless, the company has been 20 percent owned by English independent television heavyweight Granada Group since June 1999. Until the mid-1950s, television in the United Kingdom remained under the strict control of the British Government, which served its television viewing audience through its world famous BBC stations. The introduction of an independently owned broadcast network in the 1950s, however, opened the way for a new range of television companies. The country was divided into a number of broadcast regions, with each region representing a single license. In 1957, Roy Thomson, from Canada, was awarded the license for the central Scotland region. Thomson named James Coltart as the company's first managing director. Scottish Television began its first transmissions on the new ITV network that year with the popular 'This Is Scotland' broadcast, featuring such local talent as Deborah Kerr, David Niven, and Moira Shearer. The company's initial audience was limited to only 187,000 television sets. Nonetheless, its first transmissions attracted some 750,000 viewers. By the end of its first year, more than 430,000 households in the central Scotland region had television sets. The first broadcasts of the 'One O'Clock Gang,' a weekday show, gave STV its first hit program and one of the longest-running of its early shows, with more than 1,760 programs lasting until 1966. That show's success, however, paled beside the success of 'Scotsport,' which debuted in September 1957 and continued to boast strong audience shares through the end of the century, making it the longest-running program in the entire U.K. television market. After going public in 1965, STV won an increase in its programming requirements, adding some three-and-a-half hours per week. This increase prompted the company to open new studios, in Edinburgh, in 1969. The new studios, called Gateway Studios, opened just in time; that same year, a fire destroyed the company's main studios at Cowcadden. Work on rebuilding the Cowcadden Studios began in 1972; the reopening of the new Cowcadden Studios came in 1974. STV's studio complexes were further expanded in 1977, in order to accommodate an increase in programming. STV had meanwhile scored a coup when it handled the broadcast of the European Cup soccer finals from Hampden Park, the largest outdoor sporting event yet broadcast by a member of the ITV network. Led by William Brown, who had joined STV in 1958 and had served as the company's managing director since 1966, STV began to seek new blood and a new look in the 1980s. In 1985, the company hired Gus Macdonald, former journalist, and later producer with rival Granada Television, as the company's director of programs. Macdonald was named managing director in 1990, as Brown became company chairman. One of the first moves Macdonald made was to lead a change of identity, adopting the name Scottish Television and a new logo featuring a thistle design. The new name and logo were meant to underscore the company's commitment to its home base and to set off its identity as a Scottish broadcaster against the dominant English nature of the United Kingdom's broadcast community. By the 1990s, Scottish Television recognized that it would need to grow in order to maintain its independence in a media landscape promising radical changes over the coming decade. The emergence of new competitors--in the form of cable television and satellite television operators&mdash′oduced new threats to the company's position and advertising revenues. While the United Kingdom had been relatively late in adding cable and satellite television systems, these new competitors, including the BSkyB satellite network, finally began to launch in the late 1980s. At the same time, repeated calls for new legislation governing media ownership were expected to open the media market to cross-ownership possibilities in the 1990s. The new legislation promised not only the consolidation of the U.K. television market, but also the emergence of a new breed of U.K. multimedia giant. In reaction to this trend, Scottish Television began to seek means of diversifying its own interest. An early effort, with the acquisition of Alternative International, a temporary employment agent with operations throughout the United Kingdom and in Italy, Luxembourg, Germany, and Belgium, brought the company a bit too far from its core operations, and was sold off again in 1994. Instead, Scottish Television turned to the television market itself, with its expanding number of broadcasters, for its diversification. In 1993, the company launched a new subsidiary, Scottish Television Enterprises (STE), devoted to creating programming not only for Scottish Television, but also for the entire ITV network. STE quickly found customers among the worldwide television market as well. The company also sought to enter the cable television field, buying a 20 percent interest in Good Morning Television Ltd. (GMTV); that investment, however, remained passive, and, after years of write-offs, was finally sold in 1999. Meanwhile, Scottish Television itself became attractive to other buyers: in 1994, the publishing company Mirror Group purchased a 20 percent position in Scottish Television; the following year, the cable programming company Flextech bought up another 20 percent of Scottish Television. Scottish Television turned to satellite television, launching Sky Scottish, a joint-venture operation with BSkyB, in 1996. Meant to broadcast Scottish programming to a U.K.-wide audience, Sky Scottish's transmissions were available to both cable and satellite television audiences. Yet the venture met with only limited success and was ended in 1998. After Gus Macdonald had been appointed chairman in 1995, his position as managing director was filled by Andrew Flanagan, who was later named company CEO in 1997. Macdonald and Flanagan found better success with the company's other diversification efforts. The new legislation passed in 1996 allowing cross-media ownership had opened the way to a consolidation of the U.K.'s media markets. Scottish Television took advantage of the changing media landscape by transforming itself. After starting up its Voice electronic publishing subsidiary in 1995, the company acquired Caledonian Publishing. More than a newspaper and magazine publisher, Caledonian held two key properties: the Scottish Herald and the Evening Star, two of Scotland's most prominent and widely read newspapers. The move not only promised opportunities for cross-media advertising sales, it also enabled Scottish Television to reinforce its image as one of Scotland's only Scotland-based and Scotland-owned media groups. Indeed, in order to reinforce its new multifaceted organization, Scottish Television changed its name to Scottish Media Group (SMG) in 1997. The company quickly followed this change with the acquisition of Grampian Television, the ITV broadcaster holding the license for Scotland's northern region. Adding 1.2 million viewers to SMG's audience, Grampian also boasted the largest geographical base of all ITV broadcasters. At the same time, the company suggested that it was not opposed to a future acquisition of Border Television, the third ITV licensee in Scotland. SMG's reaffirmation of its Scottish roots came at the same time as support for the breakup of the United Kingdom into independent regional countries was growing. Demands for Scottish independence, with the creation of Scotland's own parliament, led to a referendum vote in 1997. With the referendum passed, SMG found itself in a strong position to attract an audience flush with a new national pride. At the same time, other media groups, including the London-based giants, were eyeing the Scottish market, adapting their newspapers and magazines to include new region-specific editions. Nonetheless, SMG comforted itself with its early lead and strong Scotland focus. The company also increased its interests in the burgeoning electronic media market. After forming the Delphic Interactive joint-venture between its Voice subsidiary and Delphic Media & Communications, a multimedia developer, SMG went on to acquire all of Delphic Interactive in 1999. In that same year, SMG, having strengthened its media offerings, moved to fortify its crucial advertising potential by buying up Pearl & Dean, an agency that catered to the movie theater industry, and Primesight and Baillie Advertising, both involved in outdoor advertising. At the beginning of 1999, SMG also made a move to enter one of Scotland's most important newspaper markets, with the creation of the Sunday Herald. Judged something of a risk by analysts, as the new Herald edition proposed to go head-to-head with the dominant Scotland on Sunday and its circulation of some 125,000, the Sunday Herald underscored SMG's commitment to becoming the dominant Scot-centric media force for the 21st century. Meanwhile, the company continued to proclaim its intention to remain an independent company, despite a change in its major shareholders. In late 1999, the Mirror Group sold its 20 percent stake to ITV competitor Granada Television, which itself had begun seeking to expand as one of the United Kingdom's major media groups for the new century. Principal Subsidiaries: Caledonian Magazines; Caledonian Publishing; Delphic Interactive; Grampian Television Ltd; Pearl & Dean Cinemas; Primesight plc; Scottish Media Newspapers Ltd; Scottish Television Ltd; Scottish Television Enterprises Ltd; Scottish Media Publishing Limited. Principal Competitors: British Broadcasting Corporation Ltd. (BBC); Johnston Press; BSkyB; Newsquest plc; Carlton Communications plc; Trinity Mirror; Hollinger International Inc.; United News & Media plc; Independent News. Newsnight Scotland broadcasts between 11pm and 11.20pm every weeknight. Two Independent Television stations, stv and Border, also broadcast in Scotland. Most of the independent television output equates to that transmitted in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, with the exception of news and current affairs, sport, comedy, cultural and Scottish Gaelic language programming. Tele-G is the only Gaelic language service, broadcasting UK-wide on the Freeview platform every night between 6pm and 7pm on Channel 8. Scotland has its own BBC services which include the national radio stations, BBC Radio Scotland and Scottish Gaelic language service, BBC Radio nan Gaidheal. There are also a number of BBC and independent local radio stations throughout the country. Scotland produces several national newspapers, the Daily Record (Scotland's leading tabloid), the broadsheet The Herald, based in Glasgow, and The Scotsman in Edinburgh. Sunday newspapers include the tabloid Sunday Mail (published by Daily Record parent company Trinity Mirror) and the Sunday Post, while the Sunday Herald and Scotland on Sunday have associations with The Herald and The Scotsman respectively. There are over 700 magazines published in Scotland, by nearly 200 organisations, with an estimated total turnover of 贈157m per annumReport - The Magazine Industry in Scotland, Periodical Publishers Association Scotland. 1957: Roy Thomson is awarded ITV license for central Scotland, and Scottish Television programming begins. 1966: Company gains listing on London Stock Exchange. 1969: Gateway Studios opens in Edinburgh. 1974: Cowcadden Studios is inaugurated. 1983: 'Taggart' television series debuts. 1993: Scottish Television Enterprises is formed. 1996: Sky Scottish joint venture with BskyB is launched; company acquires Caledonian Publishing. 1997: Name is changed to Scottish Media Group; company purchases Grampian Television, ITV broadcaster for northern Scotland. This web site and associated pages are not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Scottish Media Group Plc and has no official or unofficial affiliation with Scottish Media Group Plc. </s>" <s> We deliver a mix of information and entertainment across a range of different media. In doing so we fulfil the needs and demands of our advertisers, viewers and readers. Scottish Media Group plc is one of the largest cross-platform media companies serving Scotland. The company, formerly known as Scottish Television, has held the STV license, serving central Scotland and more than 3.4 million television viewers since 1957, and the license for Grampian Television, Scotland's second largest television broadcaster, serving 1.1 million viewers across northern Scotland, since 1997. Together, these two members of the United Kingdom's ITV (Independent Television) network produce more than 1,400 hours of programming each year. With the legislation passed in 1996 allowing cross-media ownership in the United Kingdom, Scottish Media Group has expanded beyond television broadcasting to include such market leaders in newspaper publishing as the Herald, the Evening Times, and the Sunday Herald; magazine publishing, through subsidiary Caledonian Magazines; and electronic publishing, through subsidiary Delphic Interactive. Scottish Media Group has also branched into outdoor advertising with the acquisition of Primesight in March 1999. Consistently rumored as a takeover target for the consolidating U.K. television and publishing markets, Scottish Media Group has affirmed its intention to retain its independence and its base in Scotland. Nonetheless, the company has been 20 percent owned by English independent television heavyweight Granada Group since June 1999. Until the mid-1950s, television in the United Kingdom remained under the strict control of the British Government, which served its television viewing audience through its world famous BBC stations. The introduction of an independently owned broadcast network in the 1950s, however, opened the way for a new range of television companies. The country was divided into a number of broadcast regions, with each region representing a single license. In 1957, Roy Thomson, from Canada, was awarded the license for the central Scotland region. Thomson named James Coltart as the company's first managing director. Scottish Television began its first transmissions on the new ITV network that year with the popular 'This Is Scotland' broadcast, featuring such local talent as Deborah Kerr, David Niven, and Moira Shearer. The company's initial audience was limited to only 187,000 television sets. Nonetheless, its first transmissions attracted some 750,000 viewers. By the end of its first year, more than 430,000 households in the central Scotland region had television sets. The first broadcasts of the 'One O'Clock Gang,' a weekday show, gave STV its first hit program and one of the longest-running of its early shows, with more than 1,760 programs lasting until 1966. That show's success, however, paled beside the success of 'Scotsport,' which debuted in September 1957 and continued to boast strong audience shares through the end of the century, making it the longest-running program in the entire U.K. television market. After going public in 1965, STV won an increase in its programming requirements, adding some three-and-a-half hours per week. This increase prompted the company to open new studios, in Edinburgh, in 1969. The new studios, called Gateway Studios, opened just in time; that same year, a fire destroyed the company's main studios at Cowcadden. Work on rebuilding the Cowcadden Studios began in 1972; the reopening of the new Cowcadden Studios came in 1974. STV's studio complexes were further expanded in 1977, in order to accommodate an increase in programming. STV had meanwhile scored a coup when it handled the broadcast of the European Cup soccer finals from Hampden Park, the largest outdoor sporting event yet broadcast by a member of the ITV network. Led by William Brown, who had joined STV in 1958 and had served as the company's managing director since 1966, STV began to seek new blood and a new look in the 1980s. In 1985, the company hired Gus Macdonald, former journalist, and later producer with rival Granada Television, as the company's director of programs. Macdonald was named managing director in 1990, as Brown became company chairman. One of the first moves Macdonald made was to lead a change of identity, adopting the name Scottish Television and a new logo featuring a thistle design. The new name and logo were meant to underscore the company's commitment to its home base and to set off its identity as a Scottish broadcaster against the dominant English nature of the United Kingdom's broadcast community. By the 1990s, Scottish Television recognized that it would need to grow in order to maintain its independence in a media landscape promising radical changes over the coming decade. The emergence of new competitors--in the form of cable television and satellite television operators&mdash′oduced new threats to the company's position and advertising revenues. While the United Kingdom had been relatively late in adding cable and satellite television systems, these new competitors, including the BSkyB satellite network, finally began to launch in the late 1980s. At the same time, repeated calls for new legislation governing media ownership were expected to open the media market to cross-ownership possibilities in the 1990s. The new legislation promised not only the consolidation of the U.K. television market, but also the emergence of a new breed of U.K. multimedia giant. In reaction to this trend, Scottish Television began to seek means of diversifying its own interest. An early effort, with the acquisition of Alternative International, a temporary employment agent with operations throughout the United Kingdom and in Italy, Luxembourg, Germany, and Belgium, brought the company a bit too far from its core operations, and was sold off again in 1994. Instead, Scottish Television turned to the television market itself, with its expanding number of broadcasters, for its diversification. In 1993, the company launched a new subsidiary, Scottish Television Enterprises (STE), devoted to creating programming not only for Scottish Television, but also for the entire ITV network. STE quickly found customers among the worldwide television market as well. The company also sought to enter the cable television field, buying a 20 percent interest in Good Morning Television Ltd. (GMTV); that investment, however, remained passive, and, after years of write-offs, was finally sold in 1999. Meanwhile, Scottish Television itself became attractive to other buyers: in 1994, the publishing company Mirror Group purchased a 20 percent position in Scottish Television; the following year, the cable programming company Flextech bought up another 20 percent of Scottish Television. Scottish Television turned to satellite television, launching Sky Scottish, a joint-venture operation with BSkyB, in 1996. Meant to broadcast Scottish programming to a U.K.-wide audience, Sky Scottish's transmissions were available to both cable and satellite television audiences. Yet the venture met with only limited success and was ended in 1998. After Gus Macdonald had been appointed chairman in 1995, his position as managing director was filled by Andrew Flanagan, who was later named company CEO in 1997. Macdonald and Flanagan found better success with the company's other diversification efforts. The new legislation passed in 1996 allowing cross-media ownership had opened the way to a consolidation of the U.K.'s media markets. Scottish Television took advantage of the changing media landscape by transforming itself. After starting up its Voice electronic publishing subsidiary in 1995, the company acquired Caledonian Publishing. More than a newspaper and magazine publisher, Caledonian held two key properties: the Scottish Herald and the Evening Star, two of Scotland's most prominent and widely read newspapers. The move not only promised opportunities for cross-media advertising sales, it also enabled Scottish Television to reinforce its image as one of Scotland's only Scotland-based and Scotland-owned media groups. Indeed, in order to reinforce its new multifaceted organization, Scottish Television changed its name to Scottish Media Group (SMG) in 1997. The company quickly followed this change with the acquisition of Grampian Television, the ITV broadcaster holding the license for Scotland's northern region. Adding 1.2 million viewers to SMG's audience, Grampian also boasted the largest geographical base of all ITV broadcasters. At the same time, the company suggested that it was not opposed to a future acquisition of Border Television, the third ITV licensee in Scotland. SMG's reaffirmation of its Scottish roots came at the same time as support for the breakup of the United Kingdom into independent regional countries was growing. Demands for Scottish independence, with the creation of Scotland's own parliament, led to a referendum vote in 1997. With the referendum passed, SMG found itself in a strong position to attract an audience flush with a new national pride. At the same time, other media groups, including the London-based giants, were eyeing the Scottish market, adapting their newspapers and magazines to include new region-specific editions. Nonetheless, SMG comforted itself with its early lead and strong Scotland focus. The company also increased its interests in the burgeoning electronic media market. After forming the Delphic Interactive joint-venture between its Voice subsidiary and Delphic Media & Communications, a multimedia developer, SMG went on to acquire all of Delphic Interactive in 1999. In that same year, SMG, having strengthened its media offerings, moved to fortify its crucial advertising potential by buying up Pearl & Dean, an agency that catered to the movie theater industry, and Primesight and Baillie Advertising, both involved in outdoor advertising. At the beginning of 1999, SMG also made a move to enter one of Scotland's most important newspaper markets, with the creation of the Sunday Herald. Judged something of a risk by analysts, as the new Herald edition proposed to go head-to-head with the dominant Scotland on Sunday and its circulation of some 125,000, the Sunday Herald underscored SMG's commitment to becoming the dominant Scot-centric media force for the 21st century. Meanwhile, the company continued to proclaim its intention to remain an independent company, despite a change in its major shareholders. In late 1999, the Mirror Group sold its 20 percent stake to ITV competitor Granada Television, which itself had begun seeking to expand as one of the United Kingdom's major media groups for the new century. Principal Subsidiaries: Caledonian Magazines; Caledonian Publishing; Delphic Interactive; Grampian Television Ltd; Pearl & Dean Cinemas; Primesight plc; Scottish Media Newspapers Ltd; Scottish Television Ltd; Scottish Television Enterprises Ltd; Scottish Media Publishing Limited. Principal Competitors: British Broadcasting Corporation Ltd. (BBC); Johnston Press; BSkyB; Newsquest plc; Carlton Communications plc; Trinity Mirror; Hollinger International Inc.; United News & Media plc; Independent News. Newsnight Scotland broadcasts between 11pm and 11.20pm every weeknight. Two Independent Television stations, stv and Border, also broadcast in Scotland. Most of the independent television output equates to that transmitted in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, with the exception of news and current affairs, sport, comedy, cultural and Scottish Gaelic language programming. Tele-G is the only Gaelic language service, broadcasting UK-wide on the Freeview platform every night between 6pm and 7pm on Channel 8. Scotland has its own BBC services which include the national radio stations, BBC Radio Scotland and Scottish Gaelic language service, BBC Radio nan Gaidheal. There are also a number of BBC and independent local radio stations throughout the country. Scotland produces several national newspapers, the Daily Record (Scotland's leading tabloid), the broadsheet The Herald, based in Glasgow, and The Scotsman in Edinburgh. Sunday newspapers include the tabloid Sunday Mail (published by Daily Record parent company Trinity Mirror) and the Sunday Post, while the Sunday Herald and Scotland on Sunday have associations with The Herald and The Scotsman respectively. There are over 700 magazines published in Scotland, by nearly 200 organisations, with an estimated total turnover of 贈157m per annumReport - The Magazine Industry in Scotland, Periodical Publishers Association Scotland. 1957: Roy Thomson is awarded ITV license for central Scotland, and Scottish Television programming begins. 1966: Company gains listing on London Stock Exchange. 1969: Gateway Studios opens in Edinburgh. 1974: Cowcadden Studios is inaugurated. 1983: 'Taggart' television series debuts. 1993: Scottish Television Enterprises is formed. 1996: Sky Scottish joint venture with BskyB is launched; company acquires Caledonian Publishing. 1997: Name is changed to Scottish Media Group; company purchases Grampian Television, ITV broadcaster for northern Scotland. This web site and associated pages are not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Scottish Media Group Plc and has no official or unofficial affiliation with Scottish Media Group Plc. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> John Nieman is a multitasking creative talent. As a trained chef, he has experience in several New York restaurants. Beyond working on the line, he succeeded in staking several successful Manhattan eateries, which are ranked in the top fifty in New York City. He is also an internationally respected fine artist, with many solo shows and exhibitions throughout the US, Canada, France, Italy, Germany, Austria, Ireland, and Thailand. He has published four novels and four books of short stores. The father of five, he currently resides in New York. Copyright © 2016. John Nieman | Xlibris. All rights reserved. </s>" <s> John Nieman is a multitasking creative talent. As a trained chef, he has experience in several New York restaurants. Beyond working on the line, he succeeded in staking several successful Manhattan eateries, which are ranked in the top fifty in New York City. He is also an internationally respected fine artist, with many solo shows and exhibitions throughout the US, Canada, France, Italy, Germany, Austria, Ireland, and Thailand. He has published four novels and four books of short stores. The father of five, he currently resides in New York. Copyright © 2016. John Nieman | Xlibris. All rights reserved. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> For those who prefer a head and cab setup, the Crush Pro head 120 takes the same features and 120 Watt output stage as the Crush Pro 120 combo and puts it in a lightweight head format. A range of speaker cabinets can be connected via the two parallel speaker outputs (min. 8Ω load), but our personal favourites are our own CRPRO412 cab for its potent midrange or our PPC212OB for its unrivalled chime. The Clean channel is a vintage-inspired design, with plenty of sparkle. As the volume control increases, the amp begins to break up into bluesy crunch at higher settings with musical, touch sensitive overdrive. The overall output volume can then be reduced to ‘bedroom levels’ with global master volume. The Dirty channel takes its roots from the Rockerverb, covering a wide dynamic range with four stages of gain. Even at the limit, the Dirty channel remains tight and focused with sustain for days! Complete with professional details like a super transparent, fully buffered effects loop, footswitchable digital reverb (hall/spring/plate), and more than enough power for practically any venue, the Crush Pro 120 will always perform, wherever your music takes you. Our commitment to analogue amplifier circuitry in a digital age ensures that the Crush Pro 120 head possess the lively feel and responsiveness that Orange is famous for, inspiring guitarists to play their instruments, not the technology. Our high-gain preamp design puts a truly inspiring range of complex tones in the hands of the player. High quality, low noise components provide four stages of gain with exceptional richness and clarity. The result is amps that deliver everything from blissful cleans, to classic Bluesy Orange crunch all the way through to full-bodied, ultra high gain Metal distortion. Clean and Dirty channels can be switched on the amp’s top panel or remotely using the optional footswitch. For players who love their pedals, the Crush Pro 120 head has a fully buffered, low impedance loop allows for any number of effects and cables to be patched between the amp’s input and output sections without sacrificing tone. Our attention to detail here means your pedal arsenal will perform to its absolute peak. Based on a classic ‘spring’ type, the reverb in the Crush Pro 120 head is an all-new digital module which adds a warm 3D spaciousness to your sound. Ranging from a subtle shimmer to lengthy ethereal trails the circuit features an analogue ‘dry through’, ensuring your guitar’s tone maintains its integrity as the reverb is blended in. – One 16 ohm cab connected to the one of the speaker outputs. – Two 16 ohm cabs connected to both speaker outputs, or daisy-chained together to one of the speaker outputs. – One 8 ohm cab connected to one of the speaker outputs. It’s better to not daisy-chain, in case the first cable or cab in the chain were to go out during a performance; then you’d lose all your sound. Running a separate cable to each cab insures at least one cab will still be going if a speaker cable or cab goes out during a performance. Use the Orange FS2 to switch reverb on and off and change channels. Clean Channel: volume, bass and treble. The Crush Pro sounds big and powerful in the room, with more than enough punch for stage use in typical pub and club gigging scenarios. Be prepared to consign your negative preconceptions to the same scrapheap as the stiff and unmusical transistor amps of decades past; Orange has proven that there absolutely is a place for solid-state technology in today’s amp market, especially when it punches this far above its weight, sonically. </s>" <s> For those who prefer a head and cab setup, the Crush Pro head 120 takes the same features and 120 Watt output stage as the Crush Pro 120 combo and puts it in a lightweight head format. A range of speaker cabinets can be connected via the two parallel speaker outputs (min. 8Ω load), but our personal favourites are our own CRPRO412 cab for its potent midrange or our PPC212OB for its unrivalled chime. The Clean channel is a vintage-inspired design, with plenty of sparkle. As the volume control increases, the amp begins to break up into bluesy crunch at higher settings with musical, touch sensitive overdrive. The overall output volume can then be reduced to ‘bedroom levels’ with global master volume. The Dirty channel takes its roots from the Rockerverb, covering a wide dynamic range with four stages of gain. Even at the limit, the Dirty channel remains tight and focused with sustain for days! Complete with professional details like a super transparent, fully buffered effects loop, footswitchable digital reverb (hall/spring/plate), and more than enough power for practically any venue, the Crush Pro 120 will always perform, wherever your music takes you. Our commitment to analogue amplifier circuitry in a digital age ensures that the Crush Pro 120 head possess the lively feel and responsiveness that Orange is famous for, inspiring guitarists to play their instruments, not the technology. Our high-gain preamp design puts a truly inspiring range of complex tones in the hands of the player. High quality, low noise components provide four stages of gain with exceptional richness and clarity. The result is amps that deliver everything from blissful cleans, to classic Bluesy Orange crunch all the way through to full-bodied, ultra high gain Metal distortion. Clean and Dirty channels can be switched on the amp’s top panel or remotely using the optional footswitch. For players who love their pedals, the Crush Pro 120 head has a fully buffered, low impedance loop allows for any number of effects and cables to be patched between the amp’s input and output sections without sacrificing tone. Our attention to detail here means your pedal arsenal will perform to its absolute peak. Based on a classic ‘spring’ type, the reverb in the Crush Pro 120 head is an all-new digital module which adds a warm 3D spaciousness to your sound. Ranging from a subtle shimmer to lengthy ethereal trails the circuit features an analogue ‘dry through’, ensuring your guitar’s tone maintains its integrity as the reverb is blended in. – One 16 ohm cab connected to the one of the speaker outputs. – Two 16 ohm cabs connected to both speaker outputs, or daisy-chained together to one of the speaker outputs. – One 8 ohm cab connected to one of the speaker outputs. It’s better to not daisy-chain, in case the first cable or cab in the chain were to go out during a performance; then you’d lose all your sound. Running a separate cable to each cab insures at least one cab will still be going if a speaker cable or cab goes out during a performance. Use the Orange FS2 to switch reverb on and off and change channels. Clean Channel: volume, bass and treble. The Crush Pro sounds big and powerful in the room, with more than enough punch for stage use in typical pub and club gigging scenarios. Be prepared to consign your negative preconceptions to the same scrapheap as the stiff and unmusical transistor amps of decades past; Orange has proven that there absolutely is a place for solid-state technology in today’s amp market, especially when it punches this far above its weight, sonically. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Q. I'm a faculty member teaching in OLLI. How long can I take out a VHS tape that I want to show in class? Most movies can be taken out for 7 days. You can check the circulation of the title by using the library's online catalog. You can also place the movie on reserve, which will prevent it from being checked out by other patrons when you need it. Information on Reserves can be found using the link below. </s>" <s> Q. I'm a faculty member teaching in OLLI. How long can I take out a VHS tape that I want to show in class? Most movies can be taken out for 7 days. You can check the circulation of the title by using the library's online catalog. You can also place the movie on reserve, which will prevent it from being checked out by other patrons when you need it. Information on Reserves can be found using the link below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> The 2016 GMC Yukon XL adds features and functionality, but still manages to lag behind its competition. With options quickly disappearing in the near-luxury large SUV segment, the GMC Yukon XL seems to deliver with a duo of powerful engines, a wealth of seating and storage, and 8,000 pounds of towing capacity. But manufacturing oversights and some competent competition mean you should strongly consider alternatives before making your decision. Before you discount the Yukon entirely, take a look at improvements that have been added to the 2016: a faster processor for its IntelliLink system, Apple CarPlay, and added safety features like lane-keep assist and auto high beams, plus SLT trims and above are now fitted with a hands-free power rear liftgate. With true trucks rapidly fading into 20th-century obscurity in favor of car-like crossovers, the capability of a body-on-frame truck is an increasingly scarce commodity, especially in this XL trim with its longer wheelbase and more spacious third row. Other than the Yukon XL, you’re looking at options like the Ford Expedition EL and the Toyota Sequoia, both great entrants in this segment. With the Yukon XL, you’d better be ready for nearly 19 feet of truck, standing at over 6 feet tall. It’s a lot of vehicle, and enough that driving in any city is going to take special attention. Luckily the Yukon is fitted with an embarrassment of sensors to warn you long before you accidentally nudge something into oblivion. The reward for all that bulk is the capability to seat 9, haul 121 cubic feet of cargo, and tow up to 8,300 pounds. Utility like that simply has to come with some drawbacks, and the Yukon does its best to make them as palatable as possible. Starting at the base SLE trim, you’ll pay around $52,000 and get that impressive 9-person capacity, front and rear parking sensors, auto headlights and wipers, a rear-view camera, remote ignition, and keyless entry. Foglights, running boards, and roof rails are standards here, along with comfort and convenience features like tri-zone auto climate control, rear privacy glass, power front seats, and cruise control. The 8-inch touchscreen comes loaded with the upgraded IntelliLink system and offers Bluetooth, a 9-speaker Bose stereo, HD and satellite radio, a whopping 5 USB ports and an Aux input, plus 4G LTE with a Wi-Fi hotspot. Added luxury is available via the Convenience package, adding a power liftgate, auto-dimming rear-view mirror, and power-adjustable pedals. And every Yukon comes with a locking rear differential, 2-inch towing receiver, and 7-pin harness. For extra safety, an Enhanced Driver Alert package will upgrade your auto headlights with automatic high beams, plus tack on a forward-collision warning system, lane-departure warning and lane-keep assist, and a vibrating seat to let you know when these systems have been triggered. The $60,000 SLT trim doubles down on the safety with the Enhanced Driver Alert package included, which adds rear cross-traffic alert and a blind-spot monitoring system, but it’s the comfort and convenience that really gets the business here. Besides the Convenience package being included, you’ll also get keyless ignition and entry, a hands-free power liftgate, heated and ventilated front seats with a heated power second row and power-folding third row, power-folding mirrors with auto-dim, a heated power tilt-and-telescoping steering wheel, driver memory, and wireless charging. The SLT also adds ambient interior lighting for an extra splash of opulence. With the SLE and SLT trims, you can add an HD Trailering package that ups the ante on the towing capability with lower gearing, an air suspension, and a trailer brake controller. If you want to customize your Yukon, you can add second-row captain’s chairs or splurge on the Open Road package for a sunroof, navigation, and a rear entertainment system with a Blu-ray screen. Curiously, you can also add adaptive cruise with crash-avoidance braking, a feature that should’ve been included in the EDA package. For my week with the Yukon XL, I was given a top-tier Denali trim, which starts at just over $71,000. This adds visual upgrades like a unique chrome grille, 20-inch alloys, xenon headlights, and a customizable digital instrument panel. From a more functional perspective, the Denali adds a larger V8 engine, a magneto-rheological suspension, standard trailer-brake controller, navigation, and second-row captain’s chairs. The Denali also features an upgraded 10-speaker Bose Surround Sound stereo and active noise cancellation that make it one of the quietest vehicles I’ve tested on the highway. Still not enough? You can push the price of the Denali past $80,000 with unique 22-inch alloys wheels with chrome inserts ($2,495), the Open Road package ($2,860), a heads-up display ($425), power-retractable running boards ($1,745), adaptive cruise ($995), and a theft-deterrent system ($410). With a $1,195 destination charge and a current $500 discount on the Open Road package, the total price for the Yukon XL Denali I tested came to $80,650. SLE and SLT Yukons are powered by a very capable 5.3-liter V8 engine pushing 355 hp and 383 lb-ft of torque through a 6-speed automatic transmission. Choose rear-wheel drive (RWD) or 4-wheel drive (4WD) with a 2-speed transfer case and low-range gearing for serious towing capability, although the maximum here is achieved in RWD models at 8,300 pounds. The EPA estimates the 5.3-liter V8 at 16 mpg city/23 highway with RWD and 15/22 with 4WD, and a combined rating of 18 mpg for both. Sixty mph can be reached in a little over 7 seconds, which is impressive, but competitors do have it beat. The Denali’s 6.2-liter V8 pumps out an impressive 420 hp and 460 lb-ft of torque, yet can’t match the 5.3-liter for towing capacity, topping out at 8,100 pounds with RWD and 7,900 with 4WD. Thankfully, it brings the bacon in the speed and efficiency department. The 6.2 can make it to 60 mph in just 6.4 seconds, and while the EPA rates it at 14 mpg city and 20 highway for a combined rating of 16 with 4WD, I was able to best this easily throughout my week with the Denali, even beating the RWD’s 17 mpg combined (15/22) rating. This is not something I find often with the cars I test, and it was a very welcome surprise here, with my best average rating often getting well into the low 20s and my combined average going over 17 on some 50-mile test loops. However, the cylinder deactivation that drops the engine down to a V4 at cruising speeds means that passing required waiting through a long delay before the extra cylinders kicked back in and pushed the Yukon along. That's a small frustration, but in a vehicle this large, the last thing you want is input delays. The extra-long Yukon XL is aptly named, suffering none of the cramped third-row woes of the regular-length Yukon, but with a low-mounted seat bottom, adults will find their knees high in the air. That third row is best left for children. At 19 feet long, the Yukon XL requires some special care when driving in even slightly cramped spaces, and thankfully it’s packed with sensors to tell you when you’re getting close to anything. However, some are optional, so make sure you get everything you’ll want. The Denali has power-retractable running boards to help you get in and out, although you'll have to be careful to avoid banging your shins when simply opening a door to retrieve a forgotten phone or wallet. They do retract again if they impact anything when deploying, but not before bruising. After a week, I’m left with some rather sore lower legs, though I’m sure that’s something I’d get used to avoiding. Second- and third-row entertainment systems will keep kiddos distracted, but the screens are a bit small compared to the larger units found in a Toyota Sienna for one example. The C pillar also intrudes on visibility for third-row occupants, so make sure anyone who is prone to carsickness is graced with a second-row spot. The magneto-rheological suspension seems to do a good job keeping things from getting too boaty and floaty, although I found some jitteriness at speed, even bordering on pogo-ing. This would undoubtedly be lessened when carrying a full load, however. I’ve seen speculation that this is due to stiffened body and frame mounts in the rear, implemented to further inhibit rollover, so it seems a good compromise. Still, the Sequoia and the Expedition both drive better on the road, so it’s a compromise you don’t have to make. The power-folding second- and third-row seats make things more than easy. The third row powers up as well, and second-row seats return with a one-hand touch, even when reaching across the row, meaning you can operate them with child, bag, or helmet in hand. But the deck height on the rear is higher than competitors, and that’s a hard advantage to ignore. One special caveat here: Large GM trucks built in 2015 have been affected by a particular manufacturing problem. Thin sheet metal used in the roof can become detached from the support bows, causing the roof to flex at speed and change cabin pressure. It’s bad enough to cause queasiness and general discomfort, so make sure you test-drive the truck you want before you buy it. GM is aware of the situation and has issued information and service bulletins on the issue, and it claims the problem was taken care of on the assembly line by the end of 2015. While this hasn't affected every large GM truck out there, any of them might be affected—that means the Tahoe, Suburban, and Escalade, and even the pickups, like the Silverado and Sierra. The Yukon XL gets every bit of technology available, if you’re willing to pay for it. The base SLE trim does come well-equipped, however, with front and rear parking sensors, auto headlights and wipers, a rear-view camera, remote ignition, and keyless entry. With the processor upgrade for the IntelliLink system, there are fewer gripes with regard to input delay, and the standard 8-inch touchscreen with 9-speaker Bose stereo is complemented by HD and satellite radio, 5 USB ports, an Aux input, and an SD slot, not to mention a Wi-Fi hotspot. From there it’s whatever you’re willing to pay for, but the prices can pile up quickly, and some features really feel like they should be included, especially at the higher trim levels. Paying $1,000 for adaptive cruise control, $425 for a heads-up display, and $2,300 for the Open Road package’s power sunroof, rear-seat entertainment, and 9 more months of satellite radio stings when you’re already paying more than 70 grand just to start at that level. Same with the $410 theft-deterrent system. Discounting that feature, the Denali I tested had already crested $80,000, and at that price, it seems like including the peace of mind that it won’t get stolen should be a given. In short, overall safety in the Yukon could be better. Despite its prodigious size and long list of safety features, the Yukon still managed only a 4-out-of-5-star rating overall from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Frontal impacts received the same score, though side impacts were better at 5 out of 5, helped by a center airbag located between the front bucket seats. Braking is a similar story, with the Yukon XL taking 134 feet to come to a stop from 60 mph, a figure that’s bested by the Expedition EL (126 feet) and the Sequoia (125 feet). The lofty price of the Yukon XL must be taken into perspective, especially considering that the base price and the price for a fully outfitted Denali are separated by 30 grand. But competitors are similarly expensive, so it’s hard to hold it against the Yukon. That said, when the Expedition and the Sequoia both offer a better ride, more accessible cargo section, and none of the manufacturing mishaps of the Yukon, I’d strongly suggest checking them out before you buy. Reliability has been an issue with the Yukon as well, with it scoring below average in every category except feature quality and design. A long list of rebates and incentives expired on 9/30, so if you’re interested in the Yukon, wait and see if they’ll re-up those to try and woo customers back in, or skip the 2016 and go straight for a 2017 model, so you won’t risk the roof issue. What's your take on the 2016 GMC Yukon XL? Keech The 2016 GMC Yukon XL Denali's gas tank is too small at 31 gallons and the height of the cargo space with the seats folded down is only 31 inches. My 2000 Suburban that I am trying to replace has a 41 gallon gas tank and the rear cargo space is 42 inches high! TheHorror Good enough for government. Users ranked 2016 GMC Yukon XL against other cars which they drove/owned. Each ranking was based on 9 categories. Here is the summary of top rankings. Have you driven a 2016 GMC Yukon XL? We just bought a 2016 Yukon XL. We want to switch out our bench seat to captain seats since we have twins babies. Any advice how?? car fax says damage reported to front of the car. dealer says that it has to be over 250.00 worth of damage for it to be listed at an accident. Is this a true statement? </s>" <s> The 2016 GMC Yukon XL adds features and functionality, but still manages to lag behind its competition. With options quickly disappearing in the near-luxury large SUV segment, the GMC Yukon XL seems to deliver with a duo of powerful engines, a wealth of seating and storage, and 8,000 pounds of towing capacity. But manufacturing oversights and some competent competition mean you should strongly consider alternatives before making your decision. Before you discount the Yukon entirely, take a look at improvements that have been added to the 2016: a faster processor for its IntelliLink system, Apple CarPlay, and added safety features like lane-keep assist and auto high beams, plus SLT trims and above are now fitted with a hands-free power rear liftgate. With true trucks rapidly fading into 20th-century obscurity in favor of car-like crossovers, the capability of a body-on-frame truck is an increasingly scarce commodity, especially in this XL trim with its longer wheelbase and more spacious third row. Other than the Yukon XL, you’re looking at options like the Ford Expedition EL and the Toyota Sequoia, both great entrants in this segment. With the Yukon XL, you’d better be ready for nearly 19 feet of truck, standing at over 6 feet tall. It’s a lot of vehicle, and enough that driving in any city is going to take special attention. Luckily the Yukon is fitted with an embarrassment of sensors to warn you long before you accidentally nudge something into oblivion. The reward for all that bulk is the capability to seat 9, haul 121 cubic feet of cargo, and tow up to 8,300 pounds. Utility like that simply has to come with some drawbacks, and the Yukon does its best to make them as palatable as possible. Starting at the base SLE trim, you’ll pay around $52,000 and get that impressive 9-person capacity, front and rear parking sensors, auto headlights and wipers, a rear-view camera, remote ignition, and keyless entry. Foglights, running boards, and roof rails are standards here, along with comfort and convenience features like tri-zone auto climate control, rear privacy glass, power front seats, and cruise control. The 8-inch touchscreen comes loaded with the upgraded IntelliLink system and offers Bluetooth, a 9-speaker Bose stereo, HD and satellite radio, a whopping 5 USB ports and an Aux input, plus 4G LTE with a Wi-Fi hotspot. Added luxury is available via the Convenience package, adding a power liftgate, auto-dimming rear-view mirror, and power-adjustable pedals. And every Yukon comes with a locking rear differential, 2-inch towing receiver, and 7-pin harness. For extra safety, an Enhanced Driver Alert package will upgrade your auto headlights with automatic high beams, plus tack on a forward-collision warning system, lane-departure warning and lane-keep assist, and a vibrating seat to let you know when these systems have been triggered. The $60,000 SLT trim doubles down on the safety with the Enhanced Driver Alert package included, which adds rear cross-traffic alert and a blind-spot monitoring system, but it’s the comfort and convenience that really gets the business here. Besides the Convenience package being included, you’ll also get keyless ignition and entry, a hands-free power liftgate, heated and ventilated front seats with a heated power second row and power-folding third row, power-folding mirrors with auto-dim, a heated power tilt-and-telescoping steering wheel, driver memory, and wireless charging. The SLT also adds ambient interior lighting for an extra splash of opulence. With the SLE and SLT trims, you can add an HD Trailering package that ups the ante on the towing capability with lower gearing, an air suspension, and a trailer brake controller. If you want to customize your Yukon, you can add second-row captain’s chairs or splurge on the Open Road package for a sunroof, navigation, and a rear entertainment system with a Blu-ray screen. Curiously, you can also add adaptive cruise with crash-avoidance braking, a feature that should’ve been included in the EDA package. For my week with the Yukon XL, I was given a top-tier Denali trim, which starts at just over $71,000. This adds visual upgrades like a unique chrome grille, 20-inch alloys, xenon headlights, and a customizable digital instrument panel. From a more functional perspective, the Denali adds a larger V8 engine, a magneto-rheological suspension, standard trailer-brake controller, navigation, and second-row captain’s chairs. The Denali also features an upgraded 10-speaker Bose Surround Sound stereo and active noise cancellation that make it one of the quietest vehicles I’ve tested on the highway. Still not enough? You can push the price of the Denali past $80,000 with unique 22-inch alloys wheels with chrome inserts ($2,495), the Open Road package ($2,860), a heads-up display ($425), power-retractable running boards ($1,745), adaptive cruise ($995), and a theft-deterrent system ($410). With a $1,195 destination charge and a current $500 discount on the Open Road package, the total price for the Yukon XL Denali I tested came to $80,650. SLE and SLT Yukons are powered by a very capable 5.3-liter V8 engine pushing 355 hp and 383 lb-ft of torque through a 6-speed automatic transmission. Choose rear-wheel drive (RWD) or 4-wheel drive (4WD) with a 2-speed transfer case and low-range gearing for serious towing capability, although the maximum here is achieved in RWD models at 8,300 pounds. The EPA estimates the 5.3-liter V8 at 16 mpg city/23 highway with RWD and 15/22 with 4WD, and a combined rating of 18 mpg for both. Sixty mph can be reached in a little over 7 seconds, which is impressive, but competitors do have it beat. The Denali’s 6.2-liter V8 pumps out an impressive 420 hp and 460 lb-ft of torque, yet can’t match the 5.3-liter for towing capacity, topping out at 8,100 pounds with RWD and 7,900 with 4WD. Thankfully, it brings the bacon in the speed and efficiency department. The 6.2 can make it to 60 mph in just 6.4 seconds, and while the EPA rates it at 14 mpg city and 20 highway for a combined rating of 16 with 4WD, I was able to best this easily throughout my week with the Denali, even beating the RWD’s 17 mpg combined (15/22) rating. This is not something I find often with the cars I test, and it was a very welcome surprise here, with my best average rating often getting well into the low 20s and my combined average going over 17 on some 50-mile test loops. However, the cylinder deactivation that drops the engine down to a V4 at cruising speeds means that passing required waiting through a long delay before the extra cylinders kicked back in and pushed the Yukon along. That's a small frustration, but in a vehicle this large, the last thing you want is input delays. The extra-long Yukon XL is aptly named, suffering none of the cramped third-row woes of the regular-length Yukon, but with a low-mounted seat bottom, adults will find their knees high in the air. That third row is best left for children. At 19 feet long, the Yukon XL requires some special care when driving in even slightly cramped spaces, and thankfully it’s packed with sensors to tell you when you’re getting close to anything. However, some are optional, so make sure you get everything you’ll want. The Denali has power-retractable running boards to help you get in and out, although you'll have to be careful to avoid banging your shins when simply opening a door to retrieve a forgotten phone or wallet. They do retract again if they impact anything when deploying, but not before bruising. After a week, I’m left with some rather sore lower legs, though I’m sure that’s something I’d get used to avoiding. Second- and third-row entertainment systems will keep kiddos distracted, but the screens are a bit small compared to the larger units found in a Toyota Sienna for one example. The C pillar also intrudes on visibility for third-row occupants, so make sure anyone who is prone to carsickness is graced with a second-row spot. The magneto-rheological suspension seems to do a good job keeping things from getting too boaty and floaty, although I found some jitteriness at speed, even bordering on pogo-ing. This would undoubtedly be lessened when carrying a full load, however. I’ve seen speculation that this is due to stiffened body and frame mounts in the rear, implemented to further inhibit rollover, so it seems a good compromise. Still, the Sequoia and the Expedition both drive better on the road, so it’s a compromise you don’t have to make. The power-folding second- and third-row seats make things more than easy. The third row powers up as well, and second-row seats return with a one-hand touch, even when reaching across the row, meaning you can operate them with child, bag, or helmet in hand. But the deck height on the rear is higher than competitors, and that’s a hard advantage to ignore. One special caveat here: Large GM trucks built in 2015 have been affected by a particular manufacturing problem. Thin sheet metal used in the roof can become detached from the support bows, causing the roof to flex at speed and change cabin pressure. It’s bad enough to cause queasiness and general discomfort, so make sure you test-drive the truck you want before you buy it. GM is aware of the situation and has issued information and service bulletins on the issue, and it claims the problem was taken care of on the assembly line by the end of 2015. While this hasn't affected every large GM truck out there, any of them might be affected—that means the Tahoe, Suburban, and Escalade, and even the pickups, like the Silverado and Sierra. The Yukon XL gets every bit of technology available, if you’re willing to pay for it. The base SLE trim does come well-equipped, however, with front and rear parking sensors, auto headlights and wipers, a rear-view camera, remote ignition, and keyless entry. With the processor upgrade for the IntelliLink system, there are fewer gripes with regard to input delay, and the standard 8-inch touchscreen with 9-speaker Bose stereo is complemented by HD and satellite radio, 5 USB ports, an Aux input, and an SD slot, not to mention a Wi-Fi hotspot. From there it’s whatever you’re willing to pay for, but the prices can pile up quickly, and some features really feel like they should be included, especially at the higher trim levels. Paying $1,000 for adaptive cruise control, $425 for a heads-up display, and $2,300 for the Open Road package’s power sunroof, rear-seat entertainment, and 9 more months of satellite radio stings when you’re already paying more than 70 grand just to start at that level. Same with the $410 theft-deterrent system. Discounting that feature, the Denali I tested had already crested $80,000, and at that price, it seems like including the peace of mind that it won’t get stolen should be a given. In short, overall safety in the Yukon could be better. Despite its prodigious size and long list of safety features, the Yukon still managed only a 4-out-of-5-star rating overall from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Frontal impacts received the same score, though side impacts were better at 5 out of 5, helped by a center airbag located between the front bucket seats. Braking is a similar story, with the Yukon XL taking 134 feet to come to a stop from 60 mph, a figure that’s bested by the Expedition EL (126 feet) and the Sequoia (125 feet). The lofty price of the Yukon XL must be taken into perspective, especially considering that the base price and the price for a fully outfitted Denali are separated by 30 grand. But competitors are similarly expensive, so it’s hard to hold it against the Yukon. That said, when the Expedition and the Sequoia both offer a better ride, more accessible cargo section, and none of the manufacturing mishaps of the Yukon, I’d strongly suggest checking them out before you buy. Reliability has been an issue with the Yukon as well, with it scoring below average in every category except feature quality and design. A long list of rebates and incentives expired on 9/30, so if you’re interested in the Yukon, wait and see if they’ll re-up those to try and woo customers back in, or skip the 2016 and go straight for a 2017 model, so you won’t risk the roof issue. What's your take on the 2016 GMC Yukon XL? Keech The 2016 GMC Yukon XL Denali's gas tank is too small at 31 gallons and the height of the cargo space with the seats folded down is only 31 inches. My 2000 Suburban that I am trying to replace has a 41 gallon gas tank and the rear cargo space is 42 inches high! TheHorror Good enough for government. Users ranked 2016 GMC Yukon XL against other cars which they drove/owned. Each ranking was based on 9 categories. Here is the summary of top rankings. Have you driven a 2016 GMC Yukon XL? We just bought a 2016 Yukon XL. We want to switch out our bench seat to captain seats since we have twins babies. Any advice how?? car fax says damage reported to front of the car. dealer says that it has to be over 250.00 worth of damage for it to be listed at an accident. Is this a true statement? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Last year, Infinix Mobile launched the Infinix Smart 2 And Infinix Smart 2 Pro smartphones. Both smartphones came sporting a 5.5 inches HD+ IPS screen display, with a screen resolution of 1440 x 720. The phone came running on Android 8.1 Oreo OS powered by a 1.5GHz Quad-core processor. A few weeks back, the makers of the phone promised an Android P update to the users of the device. In keeping with that promise, the company has started rolling out the latest Android Pie update via OTA. The update will be bringing new features such as Adaptive Battery, App Actions, Slices, and Adaptive Brightness. The update is via OTA and the process is pretty easy. All you have to do, is checking your build number. To do this, Go to Settings>>About Phone (at bottom of the page)>>Build number. Click on your TCard storage and hit the install button. </s>" <s> Last year, Infinix Mobile launched the Infinix Smart 2 And Infinix Smart 2 Pro smartphones. Both smartphones came sporting a 5.5 inches HD+ IPS screen display, with a screen resolution of 1440 x 720. The phone came running on Android 8.1 Oreo OS powered by a 1.5GHz Quad-core processor. A few weeks back, the makers of the phone promised an Android P update to the users of the device. In keeping with that promise, the company has started rolling out the latest Android Pie update via OTA. The update will be bringing new features such as Adaptive Battery, App Actions, Slices, and Adaptive Brightness. The update is via OTA and the process is pretty easy. All you have to do, is checking your build number. To do this, Go to Settings>>About Phone (at bottom of the page)>>Build number. Click on your TCard storage and hit the install button. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Puro Verde Reserva Extra Anejo encapsulates the fullest bouquet and smoothest complexity of any 100% Blue Agave Tequila. Standing on its own among the finest single malt scotch, cognac or single barrel bourbons, this is a recipe for aficionados. Mature and amber with a mellow finish, Puro Verde Reserva Extra Anejo has been gently aged in oak bourbon barrels for 60 months. Also well suited for the environmentally conscious, Puro Verde is naturally grown and double distilled making it naturally, the best Tequila. Puro Verde Tequila Silver is the purest expression of Organic 100% Blue Agave, the way tequila really tastes. Puro Verde Anejo is an unblended, smooth yet distinguished 100% Blue Agave Tequila. </s>" <s> Puro Verde Reserva Extra Anejo encapsulates the fullest bouquet and smoothest complexity of any 100% Blue Agave Tequila. Standing on its own among the finest single malt scotch, cognac or single barrel bourbons, this is a recipe for aficionados. Mature and amber with a mellow finish, Puro Verde Reserva Extra Anejo has been gently aged in oak bourbon barrels for 60 months. Also well suited for the environmentally conscious, Puro Verde is naturally grown and double distilled making it naturally, the best Tequila. Puro Verde Tequila Silver is the purest expression of Organic 100% Blue Agave, the way tequila really tastes. Puro Verde Anejo is an unblended, smooth yet distinguished 100% Blue Agave Tequila. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> We are happy to answer your questions and discuss your project. Please take a moment to fill out the form below so that we may contact you. Please feel free to leave us details on your needs so that we may better assist you. </s>" <s> We are happy to answer your questions and discuss your project. Please take a moment to fill out the form below so that we may contact you. Please feel free to leave us details on your needs so that we may better assist you. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> What did WE do for summer vacation? We CELEBRATED THREE YEARS OF AWESOMENESS AT A PLACE FOR THE ARTS! Don't worry if you missed the party, you can watch this slideshow and see how we've evolved from a group of like-minded artists with a vision, into a vibrant thriving creative hub! And then drop by for a chat and a cappuccino and connect with us in person! Long live A Place For The Arts! Imagine sitting in a comfortable chair, leafing through the latest issue of Canadian Art while sipping an espresso, watching a gentle snow fall on a cold, lazy day. A conversation about social justice is taking place, Ella Fitzgerald is playing on the stereo and a photographer is showing a visitor some of his latest portraits. Wow, this is so cool you think, can I live here? Welcome to A Place for the Arts in Bancroft Art Co-op! We are a group of like minded people who enjoy and create art, and share a fabulous space downtown Bancroft. Lucky for us, one of our members has superb barista skills and opened a cappuccino bar in the space, now operated by lovely Magda and Marion. In early summer of 2015 we welcomed Community Trust into A Place. This organization provides help to the folks around town that need it most. Together, we want A Place for the Arts to grow into the community hub we know we can create, a space that welcomes anyone with a desire to connect with the creative community. </s>" <s> What did WE do for summer vacation? We CELEBRATED THREE YEARS OF AWESOMENESS AT A PLACE FOR THE ARTS! Don't worry if you missed the party, you can watch this slideshow and see how we've evolved from a group of like-minded artists with a vision, into a vibrant thriving creative hub! And then drop by for a chat and a cappuccino and connect with us in person! Long live A Place For The Arts! Imagine sitting in a comfortable chair, leafing through the latest issue of Canadian Art while sipping an espresso, watching a gentle snow fall on a cold, lazy day. A conversation about social justice is taking place, Ella Fitzgerald is playing on the stereo and a photographer is showing a visitor some of his latest portraits. Wow, this is so cool you think, can I live here? Welcome to A Place for the Arts in Bancroft Art Co-op! We are a group of like minded people who enjoy and create art, and share a fabulous space downtown Bancroft. Lucky for us, one of our members has superb barista skills and opened a cappuccino bar in the space, now operated by lovely Magda and Marion. In early summer of 2015 we welcomed Community Trust into A Place. This organization provides help to the folks around town that need it most. Together, we want A Place for the Arts to grow into the community hub we know we can create, a space that welcomes anyone with a desire to connect with the creative community. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> State Representative Avery Bourne (R-Raymond) and 19 fellow lawmakers are asking Auditor General Frank Mautino to provide answers to questions raised about suspicious campaign expenditures. Questions arose after his selection as Auditor General when Mautino was still soliciting campaign donations. Further reports point to highly questionable spending and accounting dating back to his time as State Representative. The Auditor General of Illinois is appointed by the General Assembly and serves a 10-year term. They play a powerful role in shedding light on mismanagement and misspending in Illinois government. The primary duties of the office include: auditing the state’s public funds, making additional reports and investigations as directed by the General Assembly, and reporting findings and recommendations to the General Assembly and the Governor. Spending by the Mautino campaign includes $214,000 on gas and repairs at a single Spring Valley service station owned by a city alderman. Additionally, the campaign paid $274,000 to a local bank beginning in 1999, including $94,000 in repayments on a loan for $26,000. The first letter was sent to Auditor General Mautino on February 1st asking for a written reply within 10 days. Mautino replied on February 9th that he needed more time to properly address the request. To accommodate the Auditor General, the lawmakers on February 11th extended their request deadline to February 25th. Mautino replied that he had retained a legal firm to assist him and would be working ‘...during the next few weeks in order to respond to your letter.’ Bourne and her colleagues released the correspondence, stressing their growing frustration with the continued delays. </s>" <s> State Representative Avery Bourne (R-Raymond) and 19 fellow lawmakers are asking Auditor General Frank Mautino to provide answers to questions raised about suspicious campaign expenditures. Questions arose after his selection as Auditor General when Mautino was still soliciting campaign donations. Further reports point to highly questionable spending and accounting dating back to his time as State Representative. The Auditor General of Illinois is appointed by the General Assembly and serves a 10-year term. They play a powerful role in shedding light on mismanagement and misspending in Illinois government. The primary duties of the office include: auditing the state’s public funds, making additional reports and investigations as directed by the General Assembly, and reporting findings and recommendations to the General Assembly and the Governor. Spending by the Mautino campaign includes $214,000 on gas and repairs at a single Spring Valley service station owned by a city alderman. Additionally, the campaign paid $274,000 to a local bank beginning in 1999, including $94,000 in repayments on a loan for $26,000. The first letter was sent to Auditor General Mautino on February 1st asking for a written reply within 10 days. Mautino replied on February 9th that he needed more time to properly address the request. To accommodate the Auditor General, the lawmakers on February 11th extended their request deadline to February 25th. Mautino replied that he had retained a legal firm to assist him and would be working ‘...during the next few weeks in order to respond to your letter.’ Bourne and her colleagues released the correspondence, stressing their growing frustration with the continued delays. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> If you are suffering from the symptoms of an enlarged prostate, possibly caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), prostatitis or other prostate-related illnesses then you are more than likely looking for ways to reduce the size of your prostate. Symptoms of BPH can include urinary urgency, urinary hesitation, not being able to empty the bladder fully, a weaker or intermittent urine stream and nocturia (frequently needing to urinate during the night). If you suffer from these symptoms for an extended period of time they can cause damage to the urinary tract and bladder, including increasing the risk of developing bladder cancer. Urinary symptoms are often the result of an inflammation or enlargement of the prostate, indicating that you need to pay more attention to your prostate health. When it comes to experiencing systems of BPH, size doesn’t necessarily matter. Men with an enlarged prostate don’t always suffer from any kinds of urinary symptoms while men whose prostate is of a good size may suffer from chronic urinary symptoms. Keeping it in mind that BPH symptoms are not always present to indicate a problem with the prostate – it should be every man’s goal to improve and maintain good prostate health. The best way to promote good prostate health is by all-natural methods. Taking simple steps to eat right, exercise regularly and lose weight can have a big impact on any symptoms of BPH and other prostate problems. Managing stress and keeping hormone levels balanced can all be done simply and easily to help you to maintain good prostate and urinary health. Hormones in the body are the main cause of prostate enlargement, and certain foods can encourage your body to produce these hormones, which can damage your prostate’s health. Eating an excess of fatty meats and dairy products can cause your body to release these unhealthy hormones. It is therefore advisable to eat a healthy and balanced diet that includes organic vegetables, which reduce pesticide exposure and offer an increase vitamin concentration; all benefits for prostate health. Healthy eating can also help you to lose excess weight, which is extremely beneficial for prostate health. Changing the way you eat completely, rather than faddy diets, is more effective in the long run. A Paleo or Ketogenic diet, full of grass-fed meats and organic produce helps your body to burn off excess fatty cells for use as energy and helps you to lose weight. Exercise, again, is something we all know is good for general health but it also has surprising results for prostate health. Exercising regularly can help manage BPH symptoms and even prevent the disease developing in the first place. Aerobic and resistance training are the best forms of exercise to help promote good prostate health. Obesity has been proven to be linked to many types of prostate disease such as BPH, prostatitis and even prostate cancer. Losing weight can help to relieve symptoms of these diseases and also generally improve prostate health. Weight gain has also been linked to the production of excess oestrogen and inflammation of the prostate, both of which are bad news for prostate health. The good news is that by modifying your current diet by eating Ketogenic and paleo friendly foods alongside regular exercise will help you to lose weight without you even needing to think about it. Taking daily supplements that have been proven to help promote good prostate health can have major benefits. Supplements are simple and easy ways to ensure that your body has the right amount of vitamins and nutrient it needs to help the prostate stay healthy and fight off any potential diseases. Ben’s Prostate Healer– this supplement is a high potency prostate, bladder and urinary healer. Containing a range of all-natural concentrated herb extracts, this supplement also contains a broad-spectrum anti-bactericide and helps to heal the prostate and improve urinary symptoms. Ben’s Prostate Power– helping to fight and protect from prostatitis, this supplement maintains prostate, kidney and bladder health too. It is an effective urinary symptom reliever; helping to improve urination flow, reduce nighttime urination and aid the bladder to empty fully. It is completely natural with no side effects. Ben’s Total Health– with a wide range of all natural vitamins and minerals this supplement is hugely beneficial for prostate and general health in men. Helping to maintain prostate and bladder health, this supplement also boosts the immune system, supports memory and the nervous system while at the same time raising energy levels. It is an all-round super supplement. As we age, hormone production changes and it is important for good prostate health than men take steps to manage their hormone levels. An excess of testosterone can have the same negative effects on the prostate as a deficiency of the hormone can. You can help to manage and balance your hormone levels as you age naturally using exercise, a good diet and supplements. High levels of stress can have a negative impact on all areas of general health, as well as prostate health. This is because stress can lower the immune systems and cause pelvic tension in men, which leads to worsening of BPH and urinary symptoms. Stress can also reduce the levels of zinc the body produces which is a substance vital to good prostate health. You can help to manage stress in your life through a variety of natural methods such as massage, psychological therapy, acupuncture, meditation and breathing exercises. Taking regular physical exercise can also lower stress levels. If you can’t manage stress levels on your own then look group sessions to help get your stress levels under control. These 6 steps are a natural and healthy way to help promote good prostate health. Following this advice can help relieve BPH and prostatitis symptoms and prevent the problems developing in the first place. Take your prostate health into your own hands so you can avoid having to take pharmaceutical drugs that may come with some rather nasty side effects. </s>" <s> If you are suffering from the symptoms of an enlarged prostate, possibly caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), prostatitis or other prostate-related illnesses then you are more than likely looking for ways to reduce the size of your prostate. Symptoms of BPH can include urinary urgency, urinary hesitation, not being able to empty the bladder fully, a weaker or intermittent urine stream and nocturia (frequently needing to urinate during the night). If you suffer from these symptoms for an extended period of time they can cause damage to the urinary tract and bladder, including increasing the risk of developing bladder cancer. Urinary symptoms are often the result of an inflammation or enlargement of the prostate, indicating that you need to pay more attention to your prostate health. When it comes to experiencing systems of BPH, size doesn’t necessarily matter. Men with an enlarged prostate don’t always suffer from any kinds of urinary symptoms while men whose prostate is of a good size may suffer from chronic urinary symptoms. Keeping it in mind that BPH symptoms are not always present to indicate a problem with the prostate – it should be every man’s goal to improve and maintain good prostate health. The best way to promote good prostate health is by all-natural methods. Taking simple steps to eat right, exercise regularly and lose weight can have a big impact on any symptoms of BPH and other prostate problems. Managing stress and keeping hormone levels balanced can all be done simply and easily to help you to maintain good prostate and urinary health. Hormones in the body are the main cause of prostate enlargement, and certain foods can encourage your body to produce these hormones, which can damage your prostate’s health. Eating an excess of fatty meats and dairy products can cause your body to release these unhealthy hormones. It is therefore advisable to eat a healthy and balanced diet that includes organic vegetables, which reduce pesticide exposure and offer an increase vitamin concentration; all benefits for prostate health. Healthy eating can also help you to lose excess weight, which is extremely beneficial for prostate health. Changing the way you eat completely, rather than faddy diets, is more effective in the long run. A Paleo or Ketogenic diet, full of grass-fed meats and organic produce helps your body to burn off excess fatty cells for use as energy and helps you to lose weight. Exercise, again, is something we all know is good for general health but it also has surprising results for prostate health. Exercising regularly can help manage BPH symptoms and even prevent the disease developing in the first place. Aerobic and resistance training are the best forms of exercise to help promote good prostate health. Obesity has been proven to be linked to many types of prostate disease such as BPH, prostatitis and even prostate cancer. Losing weight can help to relieve symptoms of these diseases and also generally improve prostate health. Weight gain has also been linked to the production of excess oestrogen and inflammation of the prostate, both of which are bad news for prostate health. The good news is that by modifying your current diet by eating Ketogenic and paleo friendly foods alongside regular exercise will help you to lose weight without you even needing to think about it. Taking daily supplements that have been proven to help promote good prostate health can have major benefits. Supplements are simple and easy ways to ensure that your body has the right amount of vitamins and nutrient it needs to help the prostate stay healthy and fight off any potential diseases. Ben’s Prostate Healer– this supplement is a high potency prostate, bladder and urinary healer. Containing a range of all-natural concentrated herb extracts, this supplement also contains a broad-spectrum anti-bactericide and helps to heal the prostate and improve urinary symptoms. Ben’s Prostate Power– helping to fight and protect from prostatitis, this supplement maintains prostate, kidney and bladder health too. It is an effective urinary symptom reliever; helping to improve urination flow, reduce nighttime urination and aid the bladder to empty fully. It is completely natural with no side effects. Ben’s Total Health– with a wide range of all natural vitamins and minerals this supplement is hugely beneficial for prostate and general health in men. Helping to maintain prostate and bladder health, this supplement also boosts the immune system, supports memory and the nervous system while at the same time raising energy levels. It is an all-round super supplement. As we age, hormone production changes and it is important for good prostate health than men take steps to manage their hormone levels. An excess of testosterone can have the same negative effects on the prostate as a deficiency of the hormone can. You can help to manage and balance your hormone levels as you age naturally using exercise, a good diet and supplements. High levels of stress can have a negative impact on all areas of general health, as well as prostate health. This is because stress can lower the immune systems and cause pelvic tension in men, which leads to worsening of BPH and urinary symptoms. Stress can also reduce the levels of zinc the body produces which is a substance vital to good prostate health. You can help to manage stress in your life through a variety of natural methods such as massage, psychological therapy, acupuncture, meditation and breathing exercises. Taking regular physical exercise can also lower stress levels. If you can’t manage stress levels on your own then look group sessions to help get your stress levels under control. These 6 steps are a natural and healthy way to help promote good prostate health. Following this advice can help relieve BPH and prostatitis symptoms and prevent the problems developing in the first place. Take your prostate health into your own hands so you can avoid having to take pharmaceutical drugs that may come with some rather nasty side effects. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Raheem Sterling was reportedly attacked before Manchester City's match with Tottenham Saturday. Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling was assaulted and called a ""n----r"" after arriving to the team's facility before Saturday's match against Tottenham, James Ducker of The Telegraph reports. According to Ducker, a man was waiting for Sterling when he pulled into Man City's training base to get ready for Saturday's contest. After getting out of his car, the 23-year-old English star was kicked in his leg by the man, according to Ducker. It is unclear if the team will report the incident to the police, but it was captured on camera by CCTV, according to Ducker. He adds that the team has yet to comment on the situation. Sterling did not appear to be injured in the match, according to Ducker, and he scored two goals in a 4-1 Man City win. With the victory over Spurs, Man City has now won 16 straight matches. </s>" <s> Raheem Sterling was reportedly attacked before Manchester City's match with Tottenham Saturday. Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling was assaulted and called a """n----r""" after arriving to the team's facility before Saturday's match against Tottenham, James Ducker of The Telegraph reports. According to Ducker, a man was waiting for Sterling when he pulled into Man City's training base to get ready for Saturday's contest. After getting out of his car, the 23-year-old English star was kicked in his leg by the man, according to Ducker. It is unclear if the team will report the incident to the police, but it was captured on camera by CCTV, according to Ducker. He adds that the team has yet to comment on the situation. Sterling did not appear to be injured in the match, according to Ducker, and he scored two goals in a 4-1 Man City win. With the victory over Spurs, Man City has now won 16 straight matches. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> This page was last updated: 18-Apr 13:54. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs. </s>" <s> This page was last updated: 18-Apr 13:54. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> ""Nights at anchor in the Gulf are quiet and strange. The water is smooth, almost solid, and the dew is so heavy that the decks are soaked."" -- John Steinbeck, in the ""Sea of Cortez"" ""When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red."" </s>" <s> """Nights" at anchor in the Gulf are quiet and strange. The water is smooth, almost solid, and the dew is so heavy that the decks are "soaked.""" -- John Steinbeck, in the """Sea" of "Cortez""" """When" it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is "red.""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> The CPI annual rate moved from 1.2% in August to 1.4% in September 2018. The annual core inflation rate, which excludes energy and unprocessed food products components, was 0.9% (0.6% in the previous month). The CPI monthly rate was 1.1% (-0.3% in the previous month and 0.9% in September 2017), while the CPI 12-month average rate was 1.2% (the same value as in the previous month). In September 2018, the Portuguese Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) annual rate of change was 1.8% (1.3% in the previous month), 0.3 p.p. below the rate estimated by Eurostat for the Euro area (in August this difference was 0.7 p.p.). </s>" <s> The CPI annual rate moved from 1.2% in August to 1.4% in September 2018. The annual core inflation rate, which excludes energy and unprocessed food products components, was 0.9% (0.6% in the previous month). The CPI monthly rate was 1.1% (-0.3% in the previous month and 0.9% in September 2017), while the CPI 12-month average rate was 1.2% (the same value as in the previous month). In September 2018, the Portuguese Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) annual rate of change was 1.8% (1.3% in the previous month), 0.3 p.p. below the rate estimated by Eurostat for the Euro area (in August this difference was 0.7 p.p.). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Unlike traditional medical practices that merely treat the symptoms of existing illness, the physicians at North Shore Primary Care are dedicated to helping keep you in the best health possible. In addition to having a full array of the latest high-tech diagnostic tools right on-site, our physicians have a complete team of health professionals at their fingertips, specializing in fitness, nutrition, sleep disorders and stress management. Together they will show you the path to optimum health. Are you tired of trying to lose those extra pounds? How many different diets have you tried only to realize each time you gain the weight all back (and possibly more)? Do you worry about the risks to your health and quality of life? You aren’t alone. Our team of experts know that serious weight problems are often not your fault. We’ll help you understand why you’ve gained the weight, and then develop a plan to help you lose the weight safely and effectively. As the winner of the Best of Long Island 2015 Competition, HealthBridge Sleep Medicine, HealthBridge Sleep Medicine is one of just a handful facilities in the Tri-State area that has been fully accredited by the American Society of Sleep Medicine. We offer a comprehensive approach to diagnose and treat a wide variety of sleep disorders. When you need help getting out of pain, reducing stress, or just getting into shape, the compassionate professionals in our physical fitness & wellness programs are there for you. Our team includes expert practitioners in Physical Therapy, Personal Training, Massage Therapy, Acupuncture, Yoga, Qigong and Reiki Therapy. At HealthBridge, attaining optimum physical health will never be an uphill climb. Our Aesthetic and Skin Care Specialists will evaluate and recommend the best options to help restore and maintain optimum skin health and beauty. As a member of HealthBridge Platinum Concierge you will receive preferred discounts on an array of treatments, including LED Photo Facials, Botox, Dermal Fillers, as well as advanced body sculpting techniques. HealthBridge is home to one of the few fully certified Travel Medicine facilities on Long Island. Our physicians are experienced in providing advice on travel throughout the world. Our facility is licensed to administer all necessary travel vaccinations, including yellow fever, hepatitis, polio and typhoid among many others. While Platinum Concierge members receive travel consultations as part of the membership, we welcome all individuals to avail themselves of our travel services. Call or email for an appointment. As we go through life, we all experience changes in our body’s hormone levels. While this is a natural part of the aging experience, in many cases patients can experience symptoms related to imbalances or deficiencies in hormone levels. With Bioidentical Hormone Replacement, your physician will attempt to correct and restore proper hormone balance with custom made pharmaceutical grade products that are designed to look exactly like the hormones that have been in your body your entire life. Confused by the huge array of supplements on the market today? How do you know that what you are purchasing of the highest quality, and is right for you? Let the professionals at HealthBridge take out the guess work. All products in The HealthBridge Store have been fully vetted by our team of experts to make sure they meet the highest quality and purity standards. After all, if you are going to put it into your body, shouldn’t your healthcare team be involved in the decision? </s>" <s> Unlike traditional medical practices that merely treat the symptoms of existing illness, the physicians at North Shore Primary Care are dedicated to helping keep you in the best health possible. In addition to having a full array of the latest high-tech diagnostic tools right on-site, our physicians have a complete team of health professionals at their fingertips, specializing in fitness, nutrition, sleep disorders and stress management. Together they will show you the path to optimum health. Are you tired of trying to lose those extra pounds? How many different diets have you tried only to realize each time you gain the weight all back (and possibly more)? Do you worry about the risks to your health and quality of life? You aren’t alone. Our team of experts know that serious weight problems are often not your fault. We’ll help you understand why you’ve gained the weight, and then develop a plan to help you lose the weight safely and effectively. As the winner of the Best of Long Island 2015 Competition, HealthBridge Sleep Medicine, HealthBridge Sleep Medicine is one of just a handful facilities in the Tri-State area that has been fully accredited by the American Society of Sleep Medicine. We offer a comprehensive approach to diagnose and treat a wide variety of sleep disorders. When you need help getting out of pain, reducing stress, or just getting into shape, the compassionate professionals in our physical fitness & wellness programs are there for you. Our team includes expert practitioners in Physical Therapy, Personal Training, Massage Therapy, Acupuncture, Yoga, Qigong and Reiki Therapy. At HealthBridge, attaining optimum physical health will never be an uphill climb. Our Aesthetic and Skin Care Specialists will evaluate and recommend the best options to help restore and maintain optimum skin health and beauty. As a member of HealthBridge Platinum Concierge you will receive preferred discounts on an array of treatments, including LED Photo Facials, Botox, Dermal Fillers, as well as advanced body sculpting techniques. HealthBridge is home to one of the few fully certified Travel Medicine facilities on Long Island. Our physicians are experienced in providing advice on travel throughout the world. Our facility is licensed to administer all necessary travel vaccinations, including yellow fever, hepatitis, polio and typhoid among many others. While Platinum Concierge members receive travel consultations as part of the membership, we welcome all individuals to avail themselves of our travel services. Call or email for an appointment. As we go through life, we all experience changes in our body’s hormone levels. While this is a natural part of the aging experience, in many cases patients can experience symptoms related to imbalances or deficiencies in hormone levels. With Bioidentical Hormone Replacement, your physician will attempt to correct and restore proper hormone balance with custom made pharmaceutical grade products that are designed to look exactly like the hormones that have been in your body your entire life. Confused by the huge array of supplements on the market today? How do you know that what you are purchasing of the highest quality, and is right for you? Let the professionals at HealthBridge take out the guess work. All products in The HealthBridge Store have been fully vetted by our team of experts to make sure they meet the highest quality and purity standards. After all, if you are going to put it into your body, shouldn’t your healthcare team be involved in the decision? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> SINGER Imelda Papin on Monday filed an electoral protest against former Speaker Arnulfo “Noli” Fuentebella who won as Camarines Sur fourth district representative on May 9 by a slim margin of 740 votes. Papin filed her protest before the House of Representatives Electoral Tribunal and asked for a manual recount, including the manual revision and even the count of the rejected ballots. Papin asked the tribunal for a recount to annul and set aside Fuentebella’s proclamation and declare her as the duly elected representative of Camarines Sur. Papin also asked the tribunal to secure the ballot boxes, the list of voters and voting records, the books of voters, and other documents and paraphernalia, as well as the automated election equipment and records, such as data storage devices. She also asked the tribunal to direct the ballot boxes containing the ballots and keys, copies of election returns, list of voters with voting records and other documents or paraphernalia to be brought to the tribunal. </s>" <s> SINGER Imelda Papin on Monday filed an electoral protest against former Speaker Arnulfo “Noli” Fuentebella who won as Camarines Sur fourth district representative on May 9 by a slim margin of 740 votes. Papin filed her protest before the House of Representatives Electoral Tribunal and asked for a manual recount, including the manual revision and even the count of the rejected ballots. Papin asked the tribunal for a recount to annul and set aside Fuentebella’s proclamation and declare her as the duly elected representative of Camarines Sur. Papin also asked the tribunal to secure the ballot boxes, the list of voters and voting records, the books of voters, and other documents and paraphernalia, as well as the automated election equipment and records, such as data storage devices. She also asked the tribunal to direct the ballot boxes containing the ballots and keys, copies of election returns, list of voters with voting records and other documents or paraphernalia to be brought to the tribunal. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> ""Joe Amo"" <jkamo@rap.midco.net>, ""Dave Dahlgren"" Was Dave talking about Keith??? > getting new graphics ""team nail head"" or ""team hammer""?? > >>fact, they sound pretty solid, to me. </s>" <s> """Joe" "Amo""" <jkamo@rap.midco.net>, """Dave" "Dahlgren""" Was Dave talking about Keith??? > getting new graphics """team" nail "head""" or """team" "hammer""??" > >>fact, they sound pretty solid, to me. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Notable Accomplishments: Nine Conference Championships: Oakridge 2000-2003, 2005-2008, 2010. Consecutive Conference Wins: Oakridge (19) 2001-2003, (33) 2004-2009. Four Undefeated Regular Seasons: Muskegon 1990, Oakridge 2002, 2007-2008. Consecutive Regular Season Wins: Muskegon (13) 1989-1990, Oakridge (18) 2002-2003, (18) 2007-2008. One Undefeated Season: Oakridge 2008 (14-0). Consecutive Wins: Muskegon (17) 1989-1990, Oakridge (14) 2008. 17 Years State Playoff Qualifier: Muskegon 1989-1991, 1993-1994; Oakridge 1999-2003, 2005-2010; Holton 2018. Overall Playoff Record: 31 Wins – 14 Losses. 10 District Championships: Muskegon 1989, Oakridge 2001-2003, 2005-2008, 2010; Holton 2018. Five Regional Championships: Muskegon 1989, Oakridge 2003, 2005, 2008; Holton 2018. Division 5 State Runner-Up: Oakridge 2003 (13-1). Three State Championships: Class A, Muskegon 1989 (12-1), Division 5, Oakridge 2005 (13-1), 2008 (14-0). Muskegon All-Star Classic Assistant Coach 2011. Two Time MHSFCA Assistant Coach of the Year 2001, 2018. </s>" <s> Notable Accomplishments: Nine Conference Championships: Oakridge 2000-2003, 2005-2008, 2010. Consecutive Conference Wins: Oakridge (19) 2001-2003, (33) 2004-2009. Four Undefeated Regular Seasons: Muskegon 1990, Oakridge 2002, 2007-2008. Consecutive Regular Season Wins: Muskegon (13) 1989-1990, Oakridge (18) 2002-2003, (18) 2007-2008. One Undefeated Season: Oakridge 2008 (14-0). Consecutive Wins: Muskegon (17) 1989-1990, Oakridge (14) 2008. 17 Years State Playoff Qualifier: Muskegon 1989-1991, 1993-1994; Oakridge 1999-2003, 2005-2010; Holton 2018. Overall Playoff Record: 31 Wins – 14 Losses. 10 District Championships: Muskegon 1989, Oakridge 2001-2003, 2005-2008, 2010; Holton 2018. Five Regional Championships: Muskegon 1989, Oakridge 2003, 2005, 2008; Holton 2018. Division 5 State Runner-Up: Oakridge 2003 (13-1). Three State Championships: Class A, Muskegon 1989 (12-1), Division 5, Oakridge 2005 (13-1), 2008 (14-0). Muskegon All-Star Classic Assistant Coach 2011. Two Time MHSFCA Assistant Coach of the Year 2001, 2018. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Monday marks the Memorial of Pope Saint Pius X. He is sometimes referred to as 'the Pope of the Holy Eucharist' as it was he who decreed that children should receive their First Holy Communion as soon as they were capable, through reason, of acknowledging that, at the Consecration, the Bread and wine, though appearing unchanged to the senses of sight, touch, taste and smell, were completely changed into Jesus Himself, Body, Blood, Soul and Divinity. Thanks to this Pope our children have the great joy and privilege of receiving Jesus round about the age of 7. St Pius X also worked hard, as Pope, to ensure that those who sought to deny or 'water down' the Church's Teachings were not allowed to mislead the Faithful, who had the right to receive the whole Truth, challenging though this can be. Having worked tirelessly to achieve a peaceful resolution to the then growing hostilities in Europe, he died, some say of a broken heart, in 1914. On Tuesday we celebrate the Memorial of the Queenship of the Blessed Virgin Mary, acknowledging Mary as Mother and Queen. Jesus, as He hung, Dying on the Cross, gave her to us (in the person of the Apostle, John) as our very own Mother. In the 5th Glorious Mystery of the Most Holy Rosary, we meditate on Her Coronation as Queen of Heaven and Earth. How seriously do we take Mary’s Queenship? How often do we call on her ever available help in following God? How apt the words of St Louis Marie de Montfort, “to Jesus through Mary”. Then, on Thursday, with Masses at 7.30am and 10am as usual, we come together to celebrate the Feast of the Patron Saint of our own parish, Saint Bartholomew. His name comes from the Aramaic ‘bar-Tȏlmay’, meaning ‘son of Talmai’. One of the twelve Apostles, acknowledged by Our Lord as being 'one without guile' (meaning totally honest), Bartholomew would die a Martyr's Death. Little is known about him. He is commonly linked to Nathanael, who is mentioned only in the Gospel of John, noted for his remark to Philip, concerning the finding of the Messiah, “Can anything good come out of Nazareth?” Philip then invites Nathanael to “come and see.” Interestingly, in the synoptic Gospels, that is those of Matthew, Mark and Luke, Philip and Bartholomew are mentioned together. Take a look at the mosaic above the central door of our church. Here we see Saint Bartholomew, portrayed holding a flaying knife. He accepted the fate of being skinned alive rather than deny God! This gruesome death led him to be declared the Patron Saint of tanners, that is those who convert animal skins into materials such as leather. In an age when there is often determined opposition to, and rejection of, the Church's Teachings, especially in the area of Morality, we can never have too many of these exemplary helpers! May we never be led astray but, rather, may we, through the Examples and Prayers of Our Lady and the Saints, live so as to, through our example, '...bring home the lost sheep...'. This coming Tuesday, we shall celebrate, as a Holy Day of Obligation, (i.e. we are obliged to go to Mass as we are on a Sunday) the Assumption of our Blessed Mother, Mary, body and soul into Heaven, at the end of her life on Earth. This Truth, to be believed by the Faithful Worldwide, was officially proclaimed by Pope Pius XII on 1st November 1950, in the Apostolic Constitution, Munificentissimus Deus, although, as research will show, this Privilege of Our Lady had been celebrated by the Faithful in various parts of the world for a long time prior to this. What are we to understand in talking of this event in Mary’s life? As we know, since Original Sin, committed by Adam and Eve, every human soul created has been marked with the consequence of this first decision by man that he ‘knew better’ than to obey his Creator. The immortal soul of every one of us, from conception, is marked by Original Sin until, through Baptism, we are restored to the State of Grace. However, just as we may be cured from a serious bodily illness but be, ever after, more susceptible to relapses, our Human Nature is now in a fallen state, weakened. And we can choose to sin, thereby lessening or, indeed, driving God's Grace from our Soul. From Baptism onwards, Faith must be nurtured, first and foremost through the efforts of Parents and Godparents, until the young person is personally capable of reason and can take responsibility for their own Salvation. How does today’s Solemnity relate to this? As we know, God did not abandon our First Parents as they clearly deserved. He promised that, in the fullness of time, He would send his Son, in human form, through a Virgin Mother, to live among us, undo the consequences of man’s sin and so lead us back onto the ‘road’ to Heaven, that destiny which Original Sin had denied us. In order that His Son would ‘take flesh’ the Father chose and prepared a very special Mother. As a member of the Human Race Jesus would, as are all babies, be conceived (in His case through the Power of the Holy Spirit rather than through a human father) and grow in His Mother’s Womb for nine months. As Perfect God-made-man, Our Lord would come to us through a Perfect human Mother. Those of us who are familiar with the history of Mary’s appearances to Saint Bernadette in Lourdes, in 1858, will recall that Our Lady, when asked by Bernadette for her name, replied, “I am the Immaculate Conception”. This Teaching had, at the time, only recently been formally proclaimed by Pope Pius IX, on 8th December 1854, in the papal bull, Ineffabilis Deus, as an article of Faith, to be believed by us all. Put simply, it means that from the very moment she was conceived through the love of her human Parents, Saints Joachim and Anne, the stain of Original Sin was prevented from touching her soul. God, being Infinite, seeing past, present and future, applied the Saving Merits of Jesus’ Passion, Death and Resurrection to Mary’s soul at its creation; she was, from the very start of her existence, ‘Full of Grace’ as Adam and Eve had been in their state of innocence, before they sinned. What Mary never lost, we regain through Baptism. The Church also holds that, in addition to her perfection of soul and freedom from any inclination to sin from conception, Mary, endowed as we all are, with Free Will, never committed any personal sin throughout her life. We all live, grow old (please God) and die. Our body, through burial or cremation, returns ‘to the dust of the Earth’. Our soul, if we die in the State of Grace, enters Heaven, usually by way of purification in Purgatory (unless we die as Saints!). The Church teaches that, at the end of time, our bodies, then perfect, will be restored to us. As Perfect Mother of God, Mary was not to have to wait for her bodily glorification until the end of time; Through today’s Solemnity, the Church continues to teach that Mary, at the end of her earthly life, however that end actually came, was Assumed (or taken, body and Soul) into Heavenly Glory. This Solemnity of the Church is sometimes referred to as the ‘Dormition’ (or ‘falling asleep’) of Mary. Mary watches over us, her children, ever calling us to, “Do whatever He tells you”. In the Entrance Antiphon and Gospel for this day we hear, as did Peter, James and John, the Father proclaiming Jesus as His Beloved Son, and calling on us to ‘Listen to Him’. The Apostles were granted this advance sight of the Risen and Glorified Jesus and the Prophets, Moses and Elijah, to strengthen them for the coming ordeal of witnessing His Passion and Death; the vision was pointing them beyond that traumatic challenge to their faith which would come on Good Friday (when the forces of evil appeared to have abruptly ended Jesus’ Mission) to His ultimate Triumph over Satan. This is the triumph in which, should we hear and choose to live by the Word of God in our lives we, like Moses and Elijah, will share for all Eternity in Heaven. The Supreme Kingship of Christ, prophesied in the Old Testament by Daniel, is acknowledged by us, the People of the New Covenant, in the Response to the Psalm. Our first Pope, Saint Peter, in his second Letter, recalls the momentous vision on the mountain; directly from God, independent of any human agency it confirms the Prophecies of old and ‘spotlights’ Christ as our sure guide through the challenges of life; we need only watch the daily news to see how destructive is ‘independence’ from God’s Laws! In the Gospel account, the humanity and humility of Saint Peter are demonstrated in his offer to construct some kind of earthly dwelling for Jesus, Moses and Elijah. Of course, as The Father reminds him (and us), what is needed for our worship of God and consequent Salvation is firstly internal, i.e. our loving acceptance of and positive response to the Truth. As created beings of flesh and blood, we are called to and certainly must employ our God-given bodies and our senses in participating in the Life of the Church. Today’s Feast firmly grounds all that we think, do and say on the ‘Truth that comes from God...’ which, alone, can strengthen us against and, ultimately, free us forever from the constant ‘pull’ of our Fallen Nature. Through the Teachings of the Church, challenging as they undoubtedly can be in this life, and through the Mass and the Sacraments, we are provided with a sure ‘route-map’ to our Heavenly destiny. God has endowed Humans, His highest Creation, with intelligence; we are capable of reason and can discern right and wrong. While intimately knowing our weakened Nature and making full allowance for our being misled, through ignorance, into genuine error, He will respect any choices we make with full knowledge and understanding for or against His Laws. Perhaps we can interpret The Father’s words to the Apostles that day as reminding us that although, being Human, we must live as and where God has put us, we have immortal spiritual Souls and so we must keep our sights firmly set on our true purpose, to ‘know, love and serve God in this life so as to be Happy forever with Him in Heaven’. May God continue to grant us the Gifts of Faith, Hope and Charity, ever drawing us Homewards! May we ever, ‘...listen to Him...’. </s>" <s> Monday marks the Memorial of Pope Saint Pius X. He is sometimes referred to as 'the Pope of the Holy Eucharist' as it was he who decreed that children should receive their First Holy Communion as soon as they were capable, through reason, of acknowledging that, at the Consecration, the Bread and wine, though appearing unchanged to the senses of sight, touch, taste and smell, were completely changed into Jesus Himself, Body, Blood, Soul and Divinity. Thanks to this Pope our children have the great joy and privilege of receiving Jesus round about the age of 7. St Pius X also worked hard, as Pope, to ensure that those who sought to deny or 'water down' the Church's Teachings were not allowed to mislead the Faithful, who had the right to receive the whole Truth, challenging though this can be. Having worked tirelessly to achieve a peaceful resolution to the then growing hostilities in Europe, he died, some say of a broken heart, in 1914. On Tuesday we celebrate the Memorial of the Queenship of the Blessed Virgin Mary, acknowledging Mary as Mother and Queen. Jesus, as He hung, Dying on the Cross, gave her to us (in the person of the Apostle, John) as our very own Mother. In the 5th Glorious Mystery of the Most Holy Rosary, we meditate on Her Coronation as Queen of Heaven and Earth. How seriously do we take Mary’s Queenship? How often do we call on her ever available help in following God? How apt the words of St Louis Marie de Montfort, “to Jesus through Mary”. Then, on Thursday, with Masses at 7.30am and 10am as usual, we come together to celebrate the Feast of the Patron Saint of our own parish, Saint Bartholomew. His name comes from the Aramaic ‘bar-Tȏlmay’, meaning ‘son of Talmai’. One of the twelve Apostles, acknowledged by Our Lord as being 'one without guile' (meaning totally honest), Bartholomew would die a Martyr's Death. Little is known about him. He is commonly linked to Nathanael, who is mentioned only in the Gospel of John, noted for his remark to Philip, concerning the finding of the Messiah, “Can anything good come out of Nazareth?” Philip then invites Nathanael to “come and see.” Interestingly, in the synoptic Gospels, that is those of Matthew, Mark and Luke, Philip and Bartholomew are mentioned together. Take a look at the mosaic above the central door of our church. Here we see Saint Bartholomew, portrayed holding a flaying knife. He accepted the fate of being skinned alive rather than deny God! This gruesome death led him to be declared the Patron Saint of tanners, that is those who convert animal skins into materials such as leather. In an age when there is often determined opposition to, and rejection of, the Church's Teachings, especially in the area of Morality, we can never have too many of these exemplary helpers! May we never be led astray but, rather, may we, through the Examples and Prayers of Our Lady and the Saints, live so as to, through our example, '...bring home the lost sheep...'. This coming Tuesday, we shall celebrate, as a Holy Day of Obligation, (i.e. we are obliged to go to Mass as we are on a Sunday) the Assumption of our Blessed Mother, Mary, body and soul into Heaven, at the end of her life on Earth. This Truth, to be believed by the Faithful Worldwide, was officially proclaimed by Pope Pius XII on 1st November 1950, in the Apostolic Constitution, Munificentissimus Deus, although, as research will show, this Privilege of Our Lady had been celebrated by the Faithful in various parts of the world for a long time prior to this. What are we to understand in talking of this event in Mary’s life? As we know, since Original Sin, committed by Adam and Eve, every human soul created has been marked with the consequence of this first decision by man that he ‘knew better’ than to obey his Creator. The immortal soul of every one of us, from conception, is marked by Original Sin until, through Baptism, we are restored to the State of Grace. However, just as we may be cured from a serious bodily illness but be, ever after, more susceptible to relapses, our Human Nature is now in a fallen state, weakened. And we can choose to sin, thereby lessening or, indeed, driving God's Grace from our Soul. From Baptism onwards, Faith must be nurtured, first and foremost through the efforts of Parents and Godparents, until the young person is personally capable of reason and can take responsibility for their own Salvation. How does today’s Solemnity relate to this? As we know, God did not abandon our First Parents as they clearly deserved. He promised that, in the fullness of time, He would send his Son, in human form, through a Virgin Mother, to live among us, undo the consequences of man’s sin and so lead us back onto the ‘road’ to Heaven, that destiny which Original Sin had denied us. In order that His Son would ‘take flesh’ the Father chose and prepared a very special Mother. As a member of the Human Race Jesus would, as are all babies, be conceived (in His case through the Power of the Holy Spirit rather than through a human father) and grow in His Mother’s Womb for nine months. As Perfect God-made-man, Our Lord would come to us through a Perfect human Mother. Those of us who are familiar with the history of Mary’s appearances to Saint Bernadette in Lourdes, in 1858, will recall that Our Lady, when asked by Bernadette for her name, replied, “I am the Immaculate Conception”. This Teaching had, at the time, only recently been formally proclaimed by Pope Pius IX, on 8th December 1854, in the papal bull, Ineffabilis Deus, as an article of Faith, to be believed by us all. Put simply, it means that from the very moment she was conceived through the love of her human Parents, Saints Joachim and Anne, the stain of Original Sin was prevented from touching her soul. God, being Infinite, seeing past, present and future, applied the Saving Merits of Jesus’ Passion, Death and Resurrection to Mary’s soul at its creation; she was, from the very start of her existence, ‘Full of Grace’ as Adam and Eve had been in their state of innocence, before they sinned. What Mary never lost, we regain through Baptism. The Church also holds that, in addition to her perfection of soul and freedom from any inclination to sin from conception, Mary, endowed as we all are, with Free Will, never committed any personal sin throughout her life. We all live, grow old (please God) and die. Our body, through burial or cremation, returns ‘to the dust of the Earth’. Our soul, if we die in the State of Grace, enters Heaven, usually by way of purification in Purgatory (unless we die as Saints!). The Church teaches that, at the end of time, our bodies, then perfect, will be restored to us. As Perfect Mother of God, Mary was not to have to wait for her bodily glorification until the end of time; Through today’s Solemnity, the Church continues to teach that Mary, at the end of her earthly life, however that end actually came, was Assumed (or taken, body and Soul) into Heavenly Glory. This Solemnity of the Church is sometimes referred to as the ‘Dormition’ (or ‘falling asleep’) of Mary. Mary watches over us, her children, ever calling us to, “Do whatever He tells you”. In the Entrance Antiphon and Gospel for this day we hear, as did Peter, James and John, the Father proclaiming Jesus as His Beloved Son, and calling on us to ‘Listen to Him’. The Apostles were granted this advance sight of the Risen and Glorified Jesus and the Prophets, Moses and Elijah, to strengthen them for the coming ordeal of witnessing His Passion and Death; the vision was pointing them beyond that traumatic challenge to their faith which would come on Good Friday (when the forces of evil appeared to have abruptly ended Jesus’ Mission) to His ultimate Triumph over Satan. This is the triumph in which, should we hear and choose to live by the Word of God in our lives we, like Moses and Elijah, will share for all Eternity in Heaven. The Supreme Kingship of Christ, prophesied in the Old Testament by Daniel, is acknowledged by us, the People of the New Covenant, in the Response to the Psalm. Our first Pope, Saint Peter, in his second Letter, recalls the momentous vision on the mountain; directly from God, independent of any human agency it confirms the Prophecies of old and ‘spotlights’ Christ as our sure guide through the challenges of life; we need only watch the daily news to see how destructive is ‘independence’ from God’s Laws! In the Gospel account, the humanity and humility of Saint Peter are demonstrated in his offer to construct some kind of earthly dwelling for Jesus, Moses and Elijah. Of course, as The Father reminds him (and us), what is needed for our worship of God and consequent Salvation is firstly internal, i.e. our loving acceptance of and positive response to the Truth. As created beings of flesh and blood, we are called to and certainly must employ our God-given bodies and our senses in participating in the Life of the Church. Today’s Feast firmly grounds all that we think, do and say on the ‘Truth that comes from God...’ which, alone, can strengthen us against and, ultimately, free us forever from the constant ‘pull’ of our Fallen Nature. Through the Teachings of the Church, challenging as they undoubtedly can be in this life, and through the Mass and the Sacraments, we are provided with a sure ‘route-map’ to our Heavenly destiny. God has endowed Humans, His highest Creation, with intelligence; we are capable of reason and can discern right and wrong. While intimately knowing our weakened Nature and making full allowance for our being misled, through ignorance, into genuine error, He will respect any choices we make with full knowledge and understanding for or against His Laws. Perhaps we can interpret The Father’s words to the Apostles that day as reminding us that although, being Human, we must live as and where God has put us, we have immortal spiritual Souls and so we must keep our sights firmly set on our true purpose, to ‘know, love and serve God in this life so as to be Happy forever with Him in Heaven’. May God continue to grant us the Gifts of Faith, Hope and Charity, ever drawing us Homewards! May we ever, ‘...listen to Him...’. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> If you’ve heard about arthritis and arthritis treatment in Kenya, you would most likely have associated it with older patients, and with a lot of body pain. There are many things about arthritis, however, that make it a unique, and yes, painful disease. Sadly, arthritis is not only confined to the old, and it can actually come in a variety of forms. The term arthritis itself is derived from the Greek words for joint and inflammation, and covers a group of health conditions that affect the body’s joints. Arthritis has been known and recorded for centuries. The first case was reported to date as far back as 4500 BC. Very simply, arthritis involves swelling of the joints, such that mere movement can cause body pains. Such joints are sensitive to changes in the weather, and elder patients suffering from arthritis claim that their pains are greatest in the morning, when they first rise. Younger patients can also suffer from arthritis – the arthritic joint pain is not usually the general feature of juvenile arthritis, but the tendency to move, or the refusal to move at all, as in the case of especially young children. To diagnose and achieve full arthritis treatment in Kenya and distinguish it from routine or simple joint pain, physicians conduct a battery of blood tests and x-rays. Some blood tests can check for the presence of certain antibodies, since some forms of arthritis arise out of the body’s immune system launching an attack on itself, making these forms of arthritis autoimmune disorders. X-rays, on the other hands, can show eroding bone or cartilage. Once diagnosed, arthritis treatment in Kenya can proceed. Treatment can come in the form of surgery or drug treatment. Those dealing with arthritis must also undergo occupational and physical therapy sessions, so that they can recover the use of their limbs and keep their blood flow constant. In all types of therapy, doctors ensure that stress on the affected joints is reduced, and pain is successfully managed. The types of arthritis treatment in Kenya to be used depend on the type of arthritis with which the patient is afflicted. A few common types include the following. • Rheumatoid arthritis is a systemic autoimmune disease, where the body’s immune system launches an attack on the joints, then moves on to affect other bodily organs such as the skin, heart, and lungs. • Psoriatic arthritis is also an autoimmune disorder with symptoms similar to rheumatoid arthritis. It is common in patients affected by psoriasis, a skin disease. • Septic arthritis is the wearing away of cartilage due to bacterial accumulation in and attack on the joints. This is usually caused by cuts or gashes that penetrate to the level of the bone, and are left untreated or unwashed. • Osteoarthritis is caused by the wearing away of cartilage that protects the bone. Because of the great pain they experience, patients with osteoarthritis may refuse to move, causing their muscles to atrophy. • Gout is a form of arthritis caused by the accumulation of crystals of uric acid in joints. Those affected with gout have to take a low purine diet, or to stay away from high-protein foods such as sardines and certain types of fish, some mussels, sweatbreads such as kidneys and brains of animals, and alcohol. If you think you have arthritis, consult a doctor about your condition and have the necessary tests performed. If all signs point to a positive diagnosis, be sure to follow all instructions to the hilt: take all the medications prescribed, avoid all the foods that have to be avoided, and attend all arthritis treatment in Kenya therapy sessions if you are required to do so. If you know someone with arthritis, or are living with someone afflicted with the disease, take a role in monitoring the patient’s progress by making sure that the patient follows the therapy regimen, or by watching the patient well following surgery. Arthritis is a disease that requires patience, both on the part of the afflicted and the caregiver, so obey all instructions and ask questions if necessary. </s>" <s> If you’ve heard about arthritis and arthritis treatment in Kenya, you would most likely have associated it with older patients, and with a lot of body pain. There are many things about arthritis, however, that make it a unique, and yes, painful disease. Sadly, arthritis is not only confined to the old, and it can actually come in a variety of forms. The term arthritis itself is derived from the Greek words for joint and inflammation, and covers a group of health conditions that affect the body’s joints. Arthritis has been known and recorded for centuries. The first case was reported to date as far back as 4500 BC. Very simply, arthritis involves swelling of the joints, such that mere movement can cause body pains. Such joints are sensitive to changes in the weather, and elder patients suffering from arthritis claim that their pains are greatest in the morning, when they first rise. Younger patients can also suffer from arthritis – the arthritic joint pain is not usually the general feature of juvenile arthritis, but the tendency to move, or the refusal to move at all, as in the case of especially young children. To diagnose and achieve full arthritis treatment in Kenya and distinguish it from routine or simple joint pain, physicians conduct a battery of blood tests and x-rays. Some blood tests can check for the presence of certain antibodies, since some forms of arthritis arise out of the body’s immune system launching an attack on itself, making these forms of arthritis autoimmune disorders. X-rays, on the other hands, can show eroding bone or cartilage. Once diagnosed, arthritis treatment in Kenya can proceed. Treatment can come in the form of surgery or drug treatment. Those dealing with arthritis must also undergo occupational and physical therapy sessions, so that they can recover the use of their limbs and keep their blood flow constant. In all types of therapy, doctors ensure that stress on the affected joints is reduced, and pain is successfully managed. The types of arthritis treatment in Kenya to be used depend on the type of arthritis with which the patient is afflicted. A few common types include the following. • Rheumatoid arthritis is a systemic autoimmune disease, where the body’s immune system launches an attack on the joints, then moves on to affect other bodily organs such as the skin, heart, and lungs. • Psoriatic arthritis is also an autoimmune disorder with symptoms similar to rheumatoid arthritis. It is common in patients affected by psoriasis, a skin disease. • Septic arthritis is the wearing away of cartilage due to bacterial accumulation in and attack on the joints. This is usually caused by cuts or gashes that penetrate to the level of the bone, and are left untreated or unwashed. • Osteoarthritis is caused by the wearing away of cartilage that protects the bone. Because of the great pain they experience, patients with osteoarthritis may refuse to move, causing their muscles to atrophy. • Gout is a form of arthritis caused by the accumulation of crystals of uric acid in joints. Those affected with gout have to take a low purine diet, or to stay away from high-protein foods such as sardines and certain types of fish, some mussels, sweatbreads such as kidneys and brains of animals, and alcohol. If you think you have arthritis, consult a doctor about your condition and have the necessary tests performed. If all signs point to a positive diagnosis, be sure to follow all instructions to the hilt: take all the medications prescribed, avoid all the foods that have to be avoided, and attend all arthritis treatment in Kenya therapy sessions if you are required to do so. If you know someone with arthritis, or are living with someone afflicted with the disease, take a role in monitoring the patient’s progress by making sure that the patient follows the therapy regimen, or by watching the patient well following surgery. Arthritis is a disease that requires patience, both on the part of the afflicted and the caregiver, so obey all instructions and ask questions if necessary. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Came here with my transmasc non-binary friend to help him with his first suit rental. We didn’t come out or explain when we introduced ourselves and they definitely thought he was my butch lesbian high school sweetheart fiancé and we didn’t correct them because by the time we figured out that was happening it was ALSO clear that we made their week. My friend felt great about the experience! </s>" <s> Came here with my transmasc non-binary friend to help him with his first suit rental. We didn’t come out or explain when we introduced ourselves and they definitely thought he was my butch lesbian high school sweetheart fiancé and we didn’t correct them because by the time we figured out that was happening it was ALSO clear that we made their week. My friend felt great about the experience! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> A patent is a government grant to an inventor of the right to exclude others from making, using, or selling an invention, usually for a limited period. One prominent form of patent abuse is ""submarine patents"" – patents which lie dormant until someone discovers their similarity to a popular technology. The patent on the GIF image format surfaced a decade after its widespread adoption on the web. The Eolas patent on web browser plug-ins cost Microsoft $521 million and forced tens of millions of web pages to be crippled or redesigned. The RIM patent cost Blackberry $612.5 million and nearly shut down service to millions of people despite the patent itself being invalidated. Probably the best evidence that copyright and patents are not needed and that competition leads to thriving innovation in the software industry, is its thriving and innovative portion developing open source software. Note: much of this page was based on The One Minute Case Against Software Patents, which is in the public domain and was kindly provided by David Veksler - big thanks to him! ↑ Bill Gates. ""Challenges and Strategy"", May 16, 1991. Quote continues: ""I feel certain that some large company will patent some obvious thing related to interface, object orientation, algorithm, application extension or other crucial technique. If we assume this company has no need of any of our patents then the have a 17-year right to take as much of our profits as they want. The solution to this is patent exchanges with large companies and patenting as much as we can."". Referenced 2011-10-13. This page was last edited on 3 November 2013, at 11:03. </s>" <s> A patent is a government grant to an inventor of the right to exclude others from making, using, or selling an invention, usually for a limited period. One prominent form of patent abuse is """submarine" "patents""" – patents which lie dormant until someone discovers their similarity to a popular technology. The patent on the GIF image format surfaced a decade after its widespread adoption on the web. The Eolas patent on web browser plug-ins cost Microsoft $521 million and forced tens of millions of web pages to be crippled or redesigned. The RIM patent cost Blackberry $612.5 million and nearly shut down service to millions of people despite the patent itself being invalidated. Probably the best evidence that copyright and patents are not needed and that competition leads to thriving innovation in the software industry, is its thriving and innovative portion developing open source software. Note: much of this page was based on The One Minute Case Against Software Patents, which is in the public domain and was kindly provided by David Veksler - big thanks to him! ↑ Bill Gates. """Challenges" and "Strategy""," May 16, 1991. Quote continues: """I" feel certain that some large company will patent some obvious thing related to interface, object orientation, algorithm, application extension or other crucial technique. If we assume this company has no need of any of our patents then the have a 17-year right to take as much of our profits as they want. The solution to this is patent exchanges with large companies and patenting as much as we "can.""." Referenced 2011-10-13. This page was last edited on 3 November 2013, at 11:03. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Margaret was born in Ghana, West Africa, with her great, great, great Grandfather, Dr Samuel Ferguson, being a Scottish surgeon who married a Ghanaian lady and settled in the country. Coming from a musical family she first studied the piano and the cello, until finally making singing her career. While studying music at the University College of Education in Winneba, she was invited to sing at the Swiss Ambassador's residence. This lead to further invitations to entertain at a number of other Ambassadors' and High Commissioners' residences. During this time she made various live and recorded programmes for television and radio, plus performing numerous oratorios and concerts in many places in West Africa. In 1993 she gave a solo performance for HRH Prince Edward, now The Earl of Wessex. 1994 saw Margaret awarded the ""Chevening Scholarship"" by the British Council to study opera at the Royal Northern College of Music, Manchester. The invitation to study at the European Mozart Academy in Poland came in 1997. Music In Hospitals asked her to present concerts for them in 1998. Since then she has performed over a thousand concerts for the charity in England, Wales and the Channel Islands. Margaret gained her LLCM in 1999. 1999 was the year she received an invitation to sing for Wilmslow Opera. In 2000 she joined the North West Opera, which was later renamed City of Manchester Opera. Margaret formed her own choir in Ghana called The Bi-Tonic Singers in 2000. When she is in England they are taught by John Annan, but she telephones most weeks during rehearsals and gives advice and help. When in Ghana she trains them directly and performs with them in many charitable concerts. These have been performed in various halls in Kumasi and Accra, including the National Theatre and the British Council. Her first invitation to sing solo with the English Concert Singers came in 2002, with further invitations in following years in London, Cornwall, Paris and Rottingdean. 2002 saw the founding of the Commonwealth Games Choir for the opening ceremony of the games of which Margaret was a member. It was later renamed The Manchester Gospel Choir, of which she is now the Musical Director. They have sung in various venues, including live on television and radio. She is a founding member of Musicaria, which was formed in 2004. Musicaria presents concerts mainly in the Manchester area to raise money for various good causes. An invitation to sing with the All Souls Orchestra came in 2004 with Prom Praise Concerts in the Bridgewater Hall, Manchester and the Royal Festival Hall, London. Further concerts have followed in The Royal Albert Hall, London; St. Andrew's Hall, Norwich; the Philharmonic Hall, Liverpool; the Waterfront Hall, Belfast; and the Millennium Forum, Londonderry; Venue Cymru, Llandudno; The Symphony Hall, Birmingham and the Victoria Hall, Stoke. Her first appearance for Music at Sine Nomine in Cheshire, which raises money for The Children's Society, was in 2005 with Andrew Wilde. For the eight years between 2008 to 2016 she has sung at the Buxton Festival Fringe she has been a nominee for the Best Individual Vocal Performer. In 2015 Margaret was invited to join Voci, an Opera Quartet which presents Concerts in various venues in the United Kingdom and abroad. Her brother, Edwin, is an accomplished pianist and her sister, Hannah, designs and produces most of Margaret's performance dresses. Margaret's voice teachers have been Ava June Cooper, Kerstin Meyer, Eva Blahova, David Sutton and Sandra Dugdale. She is at present with Rosemary Hill. </s>" <s> Margaret was born in Ghana, West Africa, with her great, great, great Grandfather, Dr Samuel Ferguson, being a Scottish surgeon who married a Ghanaian lady and settled in the country. Coming from a musical family she first studied the piano and the cello, until finally making singing her career. While studying music at the University College of Education in Winneba, she was invited to sing at the Swiss Ambassador's residence. This lead to further invitations to entertain at a number of other Ambassadors' and High Commissioners' residences. During this time she made various live and recorded programmes for television and radio, plus performing numerous oratorios and concerts in many places in West Africa. In 1993 she gave a solo performance for HRH Prince Edward, now The Earl of Wessex. 1994 saw Margaret awarded the """Chevening" "Scholarship""" by the British Council to study opera at the Royal Northern College of Music, Manchester. The invitation to study at the European Mozart Academy in Poland came in 1997. Music In Hospitals asked her to present concerts for them in 1998. Since then she has performed over a thousand concerts for the charity in England, Wales and the Channel Islands. Margaret gained her LLCM in 1999. 1999 was the year she received an invitation to sing for Wilmslow Opera. In 2000 she joined the North West Opera, which was later renamed City of Manchester Opera. Margaret formed her own choir in Ghana called The Bi-Tonic Singers in 2000. When she is in England they are taught by John Annan, but she telephones most weeks during rehearsals and gives advice and help. When in Ghana she trains them directly and performs with them in many charitable concerts. These have been performed in various halls in Kumasi and Accra, including the National Theatre and the British Council. Her first invitation to sing solo with the English Concert Singers came in 2002, with further invitations in following years in London, Cornwall, Paris and Rottingdean. 2002 saw the founding of the Commonwealth Games Choir for the opening ceremony of the games of which Margaret was a member. It was later renamed The Manchester Gospel Choir, of which she is now the Musical Director. They have sung in various venues, including live on television and radio. She is a founding member of Musicaria, which was formed in 2004. Musicaria presents concerts mainly in the Manchester area to raise money for various good causes. An invitation to sing with the All Souls Orchestra came in 2004 with Prom Praise Concerts in the Bridgewater Hall, Manchester and the Royal Festival Hall, London. Further concerts have followed in The Royal Albert Hall, London; St. Andrew's Hall, Norwich; the Philharmonic Hall, Liverpool; the Waterfront Hall, Belfast; and the Millennium Forum, Londonderry; Venue Cymru, Llandudno; The Symphony Hall, Birmingham and the Victoria Hall, Stoke. Her first appearance for Music at Sine Nomine in Cheshire, which raises money for The Children's Society, was in 2005 with Andrew Wilde. For the eight years between 2008 to 2016 she has sung at the Buxton Festival Fringe she has been a nominee for the Best Individual Vocal Performer. In 2015 Margaret was invited to join Voci, an Opera Quartet which presents Concerts in various venues in the United Kingdom and abroad. Her brother, Edwin, is an accomplished pianist and her sister, Hannah, designs and produces most of Margaret's performance dresses. Margaret's voice teachers have been Ava June Cooper, Kerstin Meyer, Eva Blahova, David Sutton and Sandra Dugdale. She is at present with Rosemary Hill. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> http://xrl.us/2gsa 21 June 2007 Beets pulled. Zone 5. Some beets were pulled for pickling and eating fresh. The growth was excellent and most were around the same size. There was no leaf damage due to insects. There is another row for eating fresh as the season progresses. The tops were not utilized, since there was simply too many, plus there is still spinach for greens, which is preferred. Fresh Beets vs. canned / jarred beets? </s>" <s> http://xrl.us/2gsa 21 June 2007 Beets pulled. Zone 5. Some beets were pulled for pickling and eating fresh. The growth was excellent and most were around the same size. There was no leaf damage due to insects. There is another row for eating fresh as the season progresses. The tops were not utilized, since there was simply too many, plus there is still spinach for greens, which is preferred. Fresh Beets vs. canned / jarred beets? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Senior Citizen Discount = 5%. Must be 65 years old or older. Applies to all individual and household rates above, except for ""special"" rates. Membership rates include use of the fitness center. Group exercise classes (aerobics, yoga, functional intervals, step, kick, stability ball, etc.) are subject to additional fees· set by the facility. </s>" <s> Senior Citizen Discount = 5%. Must be 65 years old or older. Applies to all individual and household rates above, except for """special""" rates. Membership rates include use of the fitness center. Group exercise classes (aerobics, yoga, functional intervals, step, kick, stability ball, etc.) are subject to additional fees· set by the facility. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Wonder where the weekend went? Well, wave goodbye to what was and saddle up for another full week! That said, for some quick Monday morning fun, pop by the Wave magazine’s list of the “10 best Internet fads.” How many of these have circulated around your organization or professional peer group? </s>" <s> Wonder where the weekend went? Well, wave goodbye to what was and saddle up for another full week! That said, for some quick Monday morning fun, pop by the Wave magazine’s list of the “10 best Internet fads.” How many of these have circulated around your organization or professional peer group? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE: Enjoy 10% off at Sunday Beauty Boutique! Enjoy 10% off your first service and be the first to receive our latest promos and updates at Sunday Beauty Boutique. *This post was originally published on 8/24/2014. It has been updated and edited on 5/18/2017. When I reached into my Blanche Macdonald tote a few days ago, I knew something wasn’t quite right. I pulled my hand out right away and it was covered with a thick layer of sticky white nail polish... my new bottle of Zoya Snow White had exploded. My tote had fallen from a chair earlier that day but I didn’t think much of it since it wasn’t a big drop and everything inside my bag was cushioned with towels. Or so I assumed. When I explained to my nail instructor what had happened so told me that the shape of the Zoya bottle was known to break easily. She told me to purchase a new bottle for next class or else points would be deducted. Where can I find Zoya nail polishes? Back to the mess. My first instinct was to wash my hands, which was a big mistake. The water made my hands feel stickier than before and the bits of polish that did wash off started sticking to the sides of the sink. Then, I realized that I needed to use nail polish remover (duh!), which helped, but didn’t really do the job. Next level: Acetone... Finally my hands are clean! Although a bit drying, it’s safe to use nail polish remover, alcohol and acetone to remove nail polish from skin. However, this isn’t the case for other materials such as fabrics, leather and items containing plastic. I noticed this as I started cleaning the rest of the items in my nail kit. Alcohol had no effect on some items and acetone melted others... it was a frustrating process! From this experience and some further research, I’ve figured out some tips and tricks on removing nail polish from even the most delicate surfaces. Continue reading to find out how! You’ve spilled your bottle of polish... don’t panic. Grab some absorbent paper towels or a rag to soak up the excess polish. Use a dabbing motion (no wiping) to avoid spreading the polish. Also, don’t leave your paper towel or rag to soak for more than 10 seconds. It will dry and harden with the polish! Now take a deep breath. Everything’s going to be okay! See any bits that have already dried? Chip them off with your fingernails or scrape them off with a spatula. Only a few more steps until your nail polish mess will be completely (and easily – I promise) removed. Before proceeding with the rest of your cleanup, figure out what kind of surface you’re working with and read these helpful tips! Always test for colorfastness before using alcohol or acetone. To do this simply soak a cotton swab with alcohol or acetone and lightly dab at an inconspicuous spot. If colour transfers, the item isn’t colourfast and applying more alcohol or acetone could cause damage or fade the colour. For carpets and fabrics, use a dabbing motion instead or rubbing. Also constantly rotate your towel or cotton swab to a clean area to avoid transferring polish back onto your item. For fabrics, place a thick layer of paper towels behind to absorb excess liquids. Use clear and unscented alcohol and acetone. Added colours and fragrances could transfer to your item during the removal process. Apply acetone and dab with a white towel. Wash your fabric as you usually would. Take your item to the dry cleaners. They will have the proper solvents and expertise to remove the polish without damaging your fabric. Do not use acetone. It may dissolve some synthetic fabrics! For small stains, use soap and water to gently remove it. For larger or tougher polish stains try alcohol. Alcohol can be harsh on leathers and cause damage. To control the amount you use, gently dab the area with cotton swabs soaked in alcohol. Only use acetone if alcohol doesn’t seem to be doing the job. Acetone is even harsher on leather than alcohol so use it cautiously. After using alcohol or acetone, clean the area with soap and water. Pat dry and allow the leather to completely air dry before applying a leather conditioner to repair any damages. Use a magic eraser (do a spot test first). Another option is to use WD-40 and wipe with a rag. Did you know that WD-40 can also remove rings that are stuck to your finger? Check it out here! Avoid using acetone. It can remove paint and damage finishes. Apply alcohol and wipe until clean with a towel or rag. Use a spray bottle to control the amount of alcohol you use. You may need to apply and wipe a few times before the polish is completely removed. Want to try something fun? Use the Sugar Method! Sprinkle enough sugar to cover and soak up the spilled polish. As soon as the mixture dries, it can be swept up or vacuumed. Apply acetone and wipe until clean. After all the polish has been removed, wash the area with water and allow to air dry. Use acetone on a white towel to remove the polish in a dabbing motion. Once the polish has been removed, clean off the acetone with water. Avoid soaking the carpet with acetone, wet your towel instead. Got nail polish in your hair? Remove it in seconds with the steps below! We’ve all done it before. Our hair accidentally brushes up against our wet polish or we run our nails through our hair forgetting that the polish hasn’t dried it. Luckily removal is quite easy. Simply apply a conditioner or olive oil to that area and the polish will slide right out! Remove excess wet polish by pushing it towards the middle of the screen to avoid any of it from slipping into the cracks and damaging the hardware inside. Use cotton swabs soaked in alcohol to remove polish from glass surfaces. To remove polish from the out shell of your cell phone, use a slightly dampened magic eraser. Dried polish can be flaked or scraped off. Carefully remove any residues with cotton swabs moistened with water. Remove excess wet polish by soaking it up with paper towels. Cotton swabs are especially helpful for spilled polish between the keys. For the remaining nail polish, use cotton swabs soaked in nail polish remover. Once all of the polish has been removed, spray a paper towel with all-purpose cleaner and wipe your laptop. To dry everything quickly, use a blow dryer on the lowest setting at least a foot away from your laptop. When the correct materials and methods are used, cleaning up spilled nail polish is a breeze. Keep this guide handy! In class this week, we worked on combining our manicure and pedicure services into one. I was fine with doing the services separately, but combining them seemed to take more time and lots of energy. I was pooped! That’s something I will have to work on. By the way, here’s how my oval shaped nails came out! I’m liking it... getting used to the shape. What do you guys think? Week 3 – Why Don’t You Try Oval? Lash Lift VS Eyelash Extensions: Which is the best way to boost your eyelashes? Copyright 2018 by Sunday Beauty Boutique. </s>" <s> SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE: Enjoy 10% off at Sunday Beauty Boutique! Enjoy 10% off your first service and be the first to receive our latest promos and updates at Sunday Beauty Boutique. *This post was originally published on 8/24/2014. It has been updated and edited on 5/18/2017. When I reached into my Blanche Macdonald tote a few days ago, I knew something wasn’t quite right. I pulled my hand out right away and it was covered with a thick layer of sticky white nail polish... my new bottle of Zoya Snow White had exploded. My tote had fallen from a chair earlier that day but I didn’t think much of it since it wasn’t a big drop and everything inside my bag was cushioned with towels. Or so I assumed. When I explained to my nail instructor what had happened so told me that the shape of the Zoya bottle was known to break easily. She told me to purchase a new bottle for next class or else points would be deducted. Where can I find Zoya nail polishes? Back to the mess. My first instinct was to wash my hands, which was a big mistake. The water made my hands feel stickier than before and the bits of polish that did wash off started sticking to the sides of the sink. Then, I realized that I needed to use nail polish remover (duh!), which helped, but didn’t really do the job. Next level: Acetone... Finally my hands are clean! Although a bit drying, it’s safe to use nail polish remover, alcohol and acetone to remove nail polish from skin. However, this isn’t the case for other materials such as fabrics, leather and items containing plastic. I noticed this as I started cleaning the rest of the items in my nail kit. Alcohol had no effect on some items and acetone melted others... it was a frustrating process! From this experience and some further research, I’ve figured out some tips and tricks on removing nail polish from even the most delicate surfaces. Continue reading to find out how! You’ve spilled your bottle of polish... don’t panic. Grab some absorbent paper towels or a rag to soak up the excess polish. Use a dabbing motion (no wiping) to avoid spreading the polish. Also, don’t leave your paper towel or rag to soak for more than 10 seconds. It will dry and harden with the polish! Now take a deep breath. Everything’s going to be okay! See any bits that have already dried? Chip them off with your fingernails or scrape them off with a spatula. Only a few more steps until your nail polish mess will be completely (and easily – I promise) removed. Before proceeding with the rest of your cleanup, figure out what kind of surface you’re working with and read these helpful tips! Always test for colorfastness before using alcohol or acetone. To do this simply soak a cotton swab with alcohol or acetone and lightly dab at an inconspicuous spot. If colour transfers, the item isn’t colourfast and applying more alcohol or acetone could cause damage or fade the colour. For carpets and fabrics, use a dabbing motion instead or rubbing. Also constantly rotate your towel or cotton swab to a clean area to avoid transferring polish back onto your item. For fabrics, place a thick layer of paper towels behind to absorb excess liquids. Use clear and unscented alcohol and acetone. Added colours and fragrances could transfer to your item during the removal process. Apply acetone and dab with a white towel. Wash your fabric as you usually would. Take your item to the dry cleaners. They will have the proper solvents and expertise to remove the polish without damaging your fabric. Do not use acetone. It may dissolve some synthetic fabrics! For small stains, use soap and water to gently remove it. For larger or tougher polish stains try alcohol. Alcohol can be harsh on leathers and cause damage. To control the amount you use, gently dab the area with cotton swabs soaked in alcohol. Only use acetone if alcohol doesn’t seem to be doing the job. Acetone is even harsher on leather than alcohol so use it cautiously. After using alcohol or acetone, clean the area with soap and water. Pat dry and allow the leather to completely air dry before applying a leather conditioner to repair any damages. Use a magic eraser (do a spot test first). Another option is to use WD-40 and wipe with a rag. Did you know that WD-40 can also remove rings that are stuck to your finger? Check it out here! Avoid using acetone. It can remove paint and damage finishes. Apply alcohol and wipe until clean with a towel or rag. Use a spray bottle to control the amount of alcohol you use. You may need to apply and wipe a few times before the polish is completely removed. Want to try something fun? Use the Sugar Method! Sprinkle enough sugar to cover and soak up the spilled polish. As soon as the mixture dries, it can be swept up or vacuumed. Apply acetone and wipe until clean. After all the polish has been removed, wash the area with water and allow to air dry. Use acetone on a white towel to remove the polish in a dabbing motion. Once the polish has been removed, clean off the acetone with water. Avoid soaking the carpet with acetone, wet your towel instead. Got nail polish in your hair? Remove it in seconds with the steps below! We’ve all done it before. Our hair accidentally brushes up against our wet polish or we run our nails through our hair forgetting that the polish hasn’t dried it. Luckily removal is quite easy. Simply apply a conditioner or olive oil to that area and the polish will slide right out! Remove excess wet polish by pushing it towards the middle of the screen to avoid any of it from slipping into the cracks and damaging the hardware inside. Use cotton swabs soaked in alcohol to remove polish from glass surfaces. To remove polish from the out shell of your cell phone, use a slightly dampened magic eraser. Dried polish can be flaked or scraped off. Carefully remove any residues with cotton swabs moistened with water. Remove excess wet polish by soaking it up with paper towels. Cotton swabs are especially helpful for spilled polish between the keys. For the remaining nail polish, use cotton swabs soaked in nail polish remover. Once all of the polish has been removed, spray a paper towel with all-purpose cleaner and wipe your laptop. To dry everything quickly, use a blow dryer on the lowest setting at least a foot away from your laptop. When the correct materials and methods are used, cleaning up spilled nail polish is a breeze. Keep this guide handy! In class this week, we worked on combining our manicure and pedicure services into one. I was fine with doing the services separately, but combining them seemed to take more time and lots of energy. I was pooped! That’s something I will have to work on. By the way, here’s how my oval shaped nails came out! I’m liking it... getting used to the shape. What do you guys think? Week 3 – Why Don’t You Try Oval? Lash Lift VS Eyelash Extensions: Which is the best way to boost your eyelashes? Copyright 2018 by Sunday Beauty Boutique. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Managing staff in the field requires orchestration of information between your business, field employees, and customers. We’ve built systems that allow you to spend less time managing the process, and more time servicing your customers. We can create solutions that allow you to manage a field staff no matter what industry you serve. Whether you are installing new products, servicing existing products, or a combination of both, we’ve got you covered. There are a lot of field service solutions that claim to be all-encompassing. The truth is, none of them are built for your business, and all of them will require an expensive and time consuming customization and setup process. Don’t build your business around a solution. Let us build a solution around your business. Sometimes you need an entire system to replace an old way of doing things. Sometimes you just need to take a current workflow and make it work on a mobile device. No matter the circumstance, we can build a solution that will fit your business. Why manage your business from an office when your real business takes place in the field, in front of your customers? We build mobile systems that empower your field service staff to take care of the customers in front of them, and look professional doing it. Nothing is worse than having to call the office for information, or hand writing notes on an invoice. </s>" <s> Managing staff in the field requires orchestration of information between your business, field employees, and customers. We’ve built systems that allow you to spend less time managing the process, and more time servicing your customers. We can create solutions that allow you to manage a field staff no matter what industry you serve. Whether you are installing new products, servicing existing products, or a combination of both, we’ve got you covered. There are a lot of field service solutions that claim to be all-encompassing. The truth is, none of them are built for your business, and all of them will require an expensive and time consuming customization and setup process. Don’t build your business around a solution. Let us build a solution around your business. Sometimes you need an entire system to replace an old way of doing things. Sometimes you just need to take a current workflow and make it work on a mobile device. No matter the circumstance, we can build a solution that will fit your business. Why manage your business from an office when your real business takes place in the field, in front of your customers? We build mobile systems that empower your field service staff to take care of the customers in front of them, and look professional doing it. Nothing is worse than having to call the office for information, or hand writing notes on an invoice. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> To help you master the exact process of preparation and application of Artisan Stucco mortars, we regularly organise workshops instructed by Raquel Rodríguez Puebla. Workshops are organised in close cooperation with a local dealer or venue. Location, content and registration conditions may vary per workshop. Raquel is co-founder of Artisan Stucco Mortars and a lime specialist with more than a decade of experience in the application of traditional lime mortars in historical restoration projects, modern architecture and interior design. We also organise presentations at our deales to give more information about our products, their possible applications and answer any questions from interested visitors. Presentations usually last two hours, are free of charge, require no registration, are a good way to meet the people behind Artisan Stucco Mortars and find out more about what you could do with lime. All workshops and presentations are given in the English language. Stay up to date about future workshops via our Facebook page. The information in this website has been compiled with greatest possible care. Artisan Stucco Mortars tries to keep all information as accurate and up-to-date as possible. Despite the previous no rights can be derived from this website. </s>" <s> To help you master the exact process of preparation and application of Artisan Stucco mortars, we regularly organise workshops instructed by Raquel Rodríguez Puebla. Workshops are organised in close cooperation with a local dealer or venue. Location, content and registration conditions may vary per workshop. Raquel is co-founder of Artisan Stucco Mortars and a lime specialist with more than a decade of experience in the application of traditional lime mortars in historical restoration projects, modern architecture and interior design. We also organise presentations at our deales to give more information about our products, their possible applications and answer any questions from interested visitors. Presentations usually last two hours, are free of charge, require no registration, are a good way to meet the people behind Artisan Stucco Mortars and find out more about what you could do with lime. All workshops and presentations are given in the English language. Stay up to date about future workshops via our Facebook page. The information in this website has been compiled with greatest possible care. Artisan Stucco Mortars tries to keep all information as accurate and up-to-date as possible. Despite the previous no rights can be derived from this website. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Since 2013, Pakistan has seen far fewer bombings, which explains why annual tourist arrivals have more than tripled. Let’s hope that the country’s “Emerging Pakistan” campaign has a tailwind. This article was written by Chris Kay from Bloomberg and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com. </s>" <s> Since 2013, Pakistan has seen far fewer bombings, which explains why annual tourist arrivals have more than tripled. Let’s hope that the country’s “Emerging Pakistan” campaign has a tailwind. This article was written by Chris Kay from Bloomberg and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Nice size pen, down sized from the Cigar pen. Has unique pressure clip that adjusts with a spring. Body is Hardwood with a 3 layer high heat smooth feel. Cross refill is activated with a simple twist. Comes complete with pen case. </s>" <s> Nice size pen, down sized from the Cigar pen. Has unique pressure clip that adjusts with a spring. Body is Hardwood with a 3 layer high heat smooth feel. Cross refill is activated with a simple twist. Comes complete with pen case. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> A YMCA Fitness Coach is required to have a good understanding of physical fitness, strength training, exercise science and fitness equipment. Current certification in CPR, First Aid, and AED is required; Principles of Health and Fitness desired within 90 days of hire. In addition, it is desired for the Fitness/Wellness Center Attendant to complete YMCA Personal Fitness certification within one year of hire. </s>" <s> A YMCA Fitness Coach is required to have a good understanding of physical fitness, strength training, exercise science and fitness equipment. Current certification in CPR, First Aid, and AED is required; Principles of Health and Fitness desired within 90 days of hire. In addition, it is desired for the Fitness/Wellness Center Attendant to complete YMCA Personal Fitness certification within one year of hire. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Be an absolute royalty of splendor in this slate blue colored festive wear saree. This saree is made of handloom linen fabric which is highlighted with beautiful stripes design & tasseled border as shown. This saree is comfortable to wear and care all day long. Paired with unstitched handloom linen fabric blouse piece which can be stitched as per your choice and requirement. You can wear this saree for festivals, casual outings, regular social meets and other homely events. Pair it with traditionally stylish accessories to complete the look. Note:- The actual product may differ slightly in color and design from the one illustrated in the images. </s>" <s> Be an absolute royalty of splendor in this slate blue colored festive wear saree. This saree is made of handloom linen fabric which is highlighted with beautiful stripes design & tasseled border as shown. This saree is comfortable to wear and care all day long. Paired with unstitched handloom linen fabric blouse piece which can be stitched as per your choice and requirement. You can wear this saree for festivals, casual outings, regular social meets and other homely events. Pair it with traditionally stylish accessories to complete the look. Note:- The actual product may differ slightly in color and design from the one illustrated in the images. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Coquilles Saint-Jacques, which simply means “scallops” in French, are among some of the most prevalent and popular items on the Parisian menus. This easy hors d’oeuvre/appetizer was inspired by our brasserie experience there. Sweet, lightly citrus marinated scallops with paper-thin slices of radish on top, turned out to be a huge success with the guests at the French Dinner at our house. As long as you have perfectly fresh ingredients, the combinations are endless– tangerine segments and basil, passion fruit juice and pulp, or the jalapenos slices for some extra heat. Serve the scallops within the half hour of preparation and let the flavors shine! Next time you decide on throwing an upscale multi-course dinner, this easy starter takes less than 15 minutes to assemble but is so satisfying and delicious. For a truly luxurious presentation replace the sea flakes with grainy Osetra caviar! Black caviar is a culinary delicacy and should be used as a garnish to enhance the favors of the dish. Briny little gems of this Ossetra caviar are mildly salty and work wonderfully with thinly sliced scallops. When buying scallops, look for a pale beige to cream pink firm flesh scallops. They should have a fresh smell with a nice moist shine to them. Cut the scallops into slices, 1/8 inch thick. Spread them in a single layer on a serving platter and season very lightly with sea salt, and grounded white pepper. Whisk together the olive oil and the lemon juice, and pour evenly over the scallops. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 10 minutes. Thinly slice the radishes on the mandoline or with a sharp knife. To serves, layer the slices of radish over the scallops, sprinkle with parsley on top. Spoon a tiny little bit of black caviar on top of scallop slices, serve right away. </s>" <s> Coquilles Saint-Jacques, which simply means “scallops” in French, are among some of the most prevalent and popular items on the Parisian menus. This easy hors d’oeuvre/appetizer was inspired by our brasserie experience there. Sweet, lightly citrus marinated scallops with paper-thin slices of radish on top, turned out to be a huge success with the guests at the French Dinner at our house. As long as you have perfectly fresh ingredients, the combinations are endless– tangerine segments and basil, passion fruit juice and pulp, or the jalapenos slices for some extra heat. Serve the scallops within the half hour of preparation and let the flavors shine! Next time you decide on throwing an upscale multi-course dinner, this easy starter takes less than 15 minutes to assemble but is so satisfying and delicious. For a truly luxurious presentation replace the sea flakes with grainy Osetra caviar! Black caviar is a culinary delicacy and should be used as a garnish to enhance the favors of the dish. Briny little gems of this Ossetra caviar are mildly salty and work wonderfully with thinly sliced scallops. When buying scallops, look for a pale beige to cream pink firm flesh scallops. They should have a fresh smell with a nice moist shine to them. Cut the scallops into slices, 1/8 inch thick. Spread them in a single layer on a serving platter and season very lightly with sea salt, and grounded white pepper. Whisk together the olive oil and the lemon juice, and pour evenly over the scallops. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 10 minutes. Thinly slice the radishes on the mandoline or with a sharp knife. To serves, layer the slices of radish over the scallops, sprinkle with parsley on top. Spoon a tiny little bit of black caviar on top of scallop slices, serve right away. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> I belong to God. Do you know. Who you are? Without Christ you are blind and lost (II Cor. 4:3,4), but the good news is, God loves you and Christ died to pay for your sins (I Cor. 15:3,4). The only question is, do you believe He died to pay for your sins, or are you still trying to pay for them in your own way, by doing good works? God says, “to him that worketh not, but believeth on Him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness” (Rom. 4:5). Why not “believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved”(Acts 16:31). </s>" <s> I belong to God. Do you know. Who you are? Without Christ you are blind and lost (II Cor. 4:3,4), but the good news is, God loves you and Christ died to pay for your sins (I Cor. 15:3,4). The only question is, do you believe He died to pay for your sins, or are you still trying to pay for them in your own way, by doing good works? God says, “to him that worketh not, but believeth on Him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness” (Rom. 4:5). Why not “believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved”(Acts 16:31). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> The 5th part of the game Bubble Shoote series. Shoot balls to match at least three orbs of the same color. Bubble Shooter 5 is really worth to play, try it now! </s>" <s> The 5th part of the game Bubble Shoote series. Shoot balls to match at least three orbs of the same color. Bubble Shooter 5 is really worth to play, try it now! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> QUALITY, 600 GSM Low Twist Extra Soft 100% Cotton Ring Spun Yarn used to weave these washcloth towels. Product weight 1.5 lb per dozen. SAFE TO USE, on human skin, just the right thickness to make you feel very comfortable at the touch of these full terry washcloth towels. CRAFTSMANSHIP, These washcloth towels are made with all four sides hemmed to make it soft yet strong enough to go through a large number of machine washes and comes out nice and fresh every time. EASY CARE, Machine washable, safe to use bleach for crisp cleaning. These wash cloths are made at just the right thickness to dry within a reasonable time. MONEY BACK GUARANTY, We believe that you are going to love these wash cloths but in the event you are not fully satisfied with your order, please return them for a full refund. We have no hassle return policy. Our wash cloths are designed for many daily uses. Great for the bathroom. With a highly absorbent, extra soft feel, our wash cloths are safe for use on a baby or toddler skin, as well as face, or body. Durable enough for the kitchen, general cleaning and even hospitality cleaning. </s>" <s> QUALITY, 600 GSM Low Twist Extra Soft 100% Cotton Ring Spun Yarn used to weave these washcloth towels. Product weight 1.5 lb per dozen. SAFE TO USE, on human skin, just the right thickness to make you feel very comfortable at the touch of these full terry washcloth towels. CRAFTSMANSHIP, These washcloth towels are made with all four sides hemmed to make it soft yet strong enough to go through a large number of machine washes and comes out nice and fresh every time. EASY CARE, Machine washable, safe to use bleach for crisp cleaning. These wash cloths are made at just the right thickness to dry within a reasonable time. MONEY BACK GUARANTY, We believe that you are going to love these wash cloths but in the event you are not fully satisfied with your order, please return them for a full refund. We have no hassle return policy. Our wash cloths are designed for many daily uses. Great for the bathroom. With a highly absorbent, extra soft feel, our wash cloths are safe for use on a baby or toddler skin, as well as face, or body. Durable enough for the kitchen, general cleaning and even hospitality cleaning. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Bantam Rep 2016 Tournament 50/50 Winner: Dave Graham, ticket number 9834039. Thank you to all participants for your support! Aug. 23rd: Bantam Division is FULL! </s>" <s> Bantam Rep 2016 Tournament 50/50 Winner: Dave Graham, ticket number 9834039. Thank you to all participants for your support! Aug. 23rd: Bantam Division is FULL! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Autism is a ‘hidden disability’. This means that the features of the disability are not always obvious and can be misunderstood. For example, severe anxiety and stress can look like rage or disobedience, especially in the classroom. I examine this in my new book S.E.N.D in the Clowns (due to be published in 2019). The video provides a taster of the book and an overview of these important themes. The Happy in School Project is an interactive, dynamic and empowering programme for parents, early years co-ordinators and teachers (especially NQTs), to increase understanding, improve dialogue and most importantly, ensure the children in our care are happy in school. For coaching services or team workshops, please contact us via the form today. </s>" <s> Autism is a ‘hidden disability’. This means that the features of the disability are not always obvious and can be misunderstood. For example, severe anxiety and stress can look like rage or disobedience, especially in the classroom. I examine this in my new book S.E.N.D in the Clowns (due to be published in 2019). The video provides a taster of the book and an overview of these important themes. The Happy in School Project is an interactive, dynamic and empowering programme for parents, early years co-ordinators and teachers (especially NQTs), to increase understanding, improve dialogue and most importantly, ensure the children in our care are happy in school. For coaching services or team workshops, please contact us via the form today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Coming from Cologne (Köln) take the A 4 motorway (Cologne – Aachen), leave the motorway at the Düren exit, and then turn right towards Jülich (B 56). After about 10 km, turn off to the right onto the L 253, and follow the signs for “Forschungszentrum”. Coming from Aachen take the A 44 motorway (Aachen – Düsseldorf) and leave the motorway at the Jülich-West exit. At the first roundabout turn left towards Jülich, and at the second roundabout turn right towards Düren (B 56). After about 5 km, turn left onto the L 253 and follow the signs to “Forschungszentrum”. Coming from Düsseldorf Airport take the A 52 motorway (towards Düsseldorf/Mönchengladbach), followed by the A 57 (towards Cologne). Turn off at Neuss-West, and continue on the A 46 until you reach the crossroads “Kreuz Wanlo”. Take the A 61 (towards Koblenz/Aachen) until you reach “Dreieck Jackerath” where you should take the A 44 (towards Aachen). Continue as described in “Coming from Düsseldorf”. 1. (Shorter route but more traffic) turn right at the Jülich-Ost exit onto the B 55n, which you should follow for approx. 500 m before turning right towards Jülich. After 200 m turn left and continue until you reach the “Merscher Höhe” roundabout. Turn left here, drive past the Solar Campus belonging to the University of Applied Sciences and continue straight along Brunnenstrasse. Cross the Römerstrasse junction, continue straight ahead onto Wiesenstrasse and then after the roundabout and the caravan dealers, turn left towards “Forschungszentrum” (signposted). 2. (Longer but quicker route) drive until you reach the “Jülich-West” exit. At the first roundabout turn left towards Jülich, and at the second roundabout turn right towards Düren (B 56). After about 5 km, turn left onto the L 253 and follow the signs to “Forschungszentrum”. In your navigation system, enter your destination as “Wilhelm-Johnen-Strasse”. From there, it is only a few hundred metres to the main entrance – simply follow the signs. The research centre itself is not part of the network of public roads and is therefore not recognised by navigation systems. From the railway station at the airport, please take the overground line S 12 (“S-Bahn”) to Düren. Continue from Düren as described in “By train”. Continue from Düren as described in “By train”. Take the train from Aachen or Cologne to the train station in Düren. From here, take the local train (“Rurtalbahn” [RTB]) for Jülich and get out at the “Forschungszentrum” stop. To make sure that the train stops at “Forschungszentrum” you should press the request stop button (Haltewunsch) in good time after the “Selgersdorf” stop. From the train stop, a shuttle service will bring you to the campus (for all trains arriving between 6 am and 7 pm, for the timetables, please see “Aachen – Jülich bus connections” below). </s>" <s> Coming from Cologne (Köln) take the A 4 motorway (Cologne – Aachen), leave the motorway at the Düren exit, and then turn right towards Jülich (B 56). After about 10 km, turn off to the right onto the L 253, and follow the signs for “Forschungszentrum”. Coming from Aachen take the A 44 motorway (Aachen – Düsseldorf) and leave the motorway at the Jülich-West exit. At the first roundabout turn left towards Jülich, and at the second roundabout turn right towards Düren (B 56). After about 5 km, turn left onto the L 253 and follow the signs to “Forschungszentrum”. Coming from Düsseldorf Airport take the A 52 motorway (towards Düsseldorf/Mönchengladbach), followed by the A 57 (towards Cologne). Turn off at Neuss-West, and continue on the A 46 until you reach the crossroads “Kreuz Wanlo”. Take the A 61 (towards Koblenz/Aachen) until you reach “Dreieck Jackerath” where you should take the A 44 (towards Aachen). Continue as described in “Coming from Düsseldorf”. 1. (Shorter route but more traffic) turn right at the Jülich-Ost exit onto the B 55n, which you should follow for approx. 500 m before turning right towards Jülich. After 200 m turn left and continue until you reach the “Merscher Höhe” roundabout. Turn left here, drive past the Solar Campus belonging to the University of Applied Sciences and continue straight along Brunnenstrasse. Cross the Römerstrasse junction, continue straight ahead onto Wiesenstrasse and then after the roundabout and the caravan dealers, turn left towards “Forschungszentrum” (signposted). 2. (Longer but quicker route) drive until you reach the “Jülich-West” exit. At the first roundabout turn left towards Jülich, and at the second roundabout turn right towards Düren (B 56). After about 5 km, turn left onto the L 253 and follow the signs to “Forschungszentrum”. In your navigation system, enter your destination as “Wilhelm-Johnen-Strasse”. From there, it is only a few hundred metres to the main entrance – simply follow the signs. The research centre itself is not part of the network of public roads and is therefore not recognised by navigation systems. From the railway station at the airport, please take the overground line S 12 (“S-Bahn”) to Düren. Continue from Düren as described in “By train”. Continue from Düren as described in “By train”. Take the train from Aachen or Cologne to the train station in Düren. From here, take the local train (“Rurtalbahn” [RTB]) for Jülich and get out at the “Forschungszentrum” stop. To make sure that the train stops at “Forschungszentrum” you should press the request stop button (Haltewunsch) in good time after the “Selgersdorf” stop. From the train stop, a shuttle service will bring you to the campus (for all trains arriving between 6 am and 7 pm, for the timetables, please see “Aachen – Jülich bus connections” below). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Delivers texture and body with a medium pliable hold and natural finish. Light weight, water soluble formula makes it easy to wash from hands and hair and won’t clog follicles. The Eufora exclusive ProAmino Peptide ComplexTM provides wear-in treatment benefits. </s>" <s> Delivers texture and body with a medium pliable hold and natural finish. Light weight, water soluble formula makes it easy to wash from hands and hair and won’t clog follicles. The Eufora exclusive ProAmino Peptide ComplexTM provides wear-in treatment benefits. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> The Standard Schnauzer (SS) is the oldest (and original prototype) of the three Schnauzer breeds. Since the Middle Ages, dogs very like today's Standard Schnauzer performed household and farm duties in Germany: guarding the family and livestock, ridding the farmyard of vermin, and protecting their owners as they traveled to market. These rough-haired, medium-sized dogs were descended from early European herding and guardian breeds and were not related to the superficially similar terriers of Britain. In the mid-19th century, German dog fanciers began to take an interest in this useful native breed. Crosses were made with gray Wolfspitz and black German Poodle to produce the distinctive pepper and salt and black colors. At this time, the medium-sized dogs were also being crossed with other breeds to develop the Miniature and, later, the Giant Schnauzer. Wire-haired Pinschers, as the breed was originally known, were first exhibited in Germany in the 1870s. The official German breed standard of that era describes a dog remarkably similar to the Standard Schnauzer of today. By the turn of the century, the breed was becoming universally known as the Schnauzer, a reference to the breed's hallmark a muzzle (German: schnauze) sporting a bristly beard and moustache, as well as to an early show winner of that name. Today's Standard Schnauzer is a medium-sized working breed in the schnauzer/pinscher canine family. It is not a terrier and was not developed to ""go to ground."" SS are characterized by a robust, square, athletic build, a dense, wiry, harsh coat of black or pepper and salt and an energetic, intelligent temperament. Standard Schnauzers are sociable, alert, affectionate, protective and reliable in nature, with a good sense of humour. They are generally healthy, sturdy and long-lived with few hereditary illnesses. SSCA breeders check their stock for hip dysplasia, and most also screen for eye defects and other hereditary problems. The breed is of true medium size, with males between 18-20"" high at the shoulder, weighing 40-45 lbs, while females are between 17-19"" high, weighing 35-40 pounds. The Standard Schnauzer is not the breed for those who want a slow, placid dog or one that can be ""fed and forgotten"" for they insist on being part of the family activities and develop best when treated in this manner. They are outstanding companions known for their devotion and love of their family, and are not ""one person dogs"" but instead become a true family member. SS are particularly good with children, being playful and tolerant. At the same time, they are alert to any intruder which might threaten their home and family. Standards are very intelligent and can be strong-willed. Owners must be prepared to train their new puppy from the beginning. Early Kindergarten Puppy Training and later, regular obedience classes, is the best approach. The SSCA strongly recommends that dogs not used for breeding or those with inheritable problems be spayed or neutered. This avoids accidental breedings and reduces undesirable behaviours such as ""marking"", as well as possible diseases of the reproductive system. Neutered animals can compete in all AKC events except conformation shows. Many SS participate in conformation and performance events (obedience, agility) where their trainability, alertness and enthusiasm serve them well. One growing area of interest among Standard owners is herding, for which most SS show real talent. A number of Standards now serve as Therapy Dogs, as Service Dogs for the physically-challenged, Search-and Rescue Dogs or as drug or bomb-detection dogs. </s>" <s> The Standard Schnauzer (SS) is the oldest (and original prototype) of the three Schnauzer breeds. Since the Middle Ages, dogs very like today's Standard Schnauzer performed household and farm duties in Germany: guarding the family and livestock, ridding the farmyard of vermin, and protecting their owners as they traveled to market. These rough-haired, medium-sized dogs were descended from early European herding and guardian breeds and were not related to the superficially similar terriers of Britain. In the mid-19th century, German dog fanciers began to take an interest in this useful native breed. Crosses were made with gray Wolfspitz and black German Poodle to produce the distinctive pepper and salt and black colors. At this time, the medium-sized dogs were also being crossed with other breeds to develop the Miniature and, later, the Giant Schnauzer. Wire-haired Pinschers, as the breed was originally known, were first exhibited in Germany in the 1870s. The official German breed standard of that era describes a dog remarkably similar to the Standard Schnauzer of today. By the turn of the century, the breed was becoming universally known as the Schnauzer, a reference to the breed's hallmark a muzzle (German: schnauze) sporting a bristly beard and moustache, as well as to an early show winner of that name. Today's Standard Schnauzer is a medium-sized working breed in the schnauzer/pinscher canine family. It is not a terrier and was not developed to """go" to "ground.""" SS are characterized by a robust, square, athletic build, a dense, wiry, harsh coat of black or pepper and salt and an energetic, intelligent temperament. Standard Schnauzers are sociable, alert, affectionate, protective and reliable in nature, with a good sense of humour. They are generally healthy, sturdy and long-lived with few hereditary illnesses. SSCA breeders check their stock for hip dysplasia, and most also screen for eye defects and other hereditary problems. The breed is of true medium size, with males between "18-20""" high at the shoulder, weighing 40-45 lbs, while females are between "17-19""" high, weighing 35-40 pounds. The Standard Schnauzer is not the breed for those who want a slow, placid dog or one that can be """fed" and "forgotten""" for they insist on being part of the family activities and develop best when treated in this manner. They are outstanding companions known for their devotion and love of their family, and are not """one" person "dogs""" but instead become a true family member. SS are particularly good with children, being playful and tolerant. At the same time, they are alert to any intruder which might threaten their home and family. Standards are very intelligent and can be strong-willed. Owners must be prepared to train their new puppy from the beginning. Early Kindergarten Puppy Training and later, regular obedience classes, is the best approach. The SSCA strongly recommends that dogs not used for breeding or those with inheritable problems be spayed or neutered. This avoids accidental breedings and reduces undesirable behaviours such as """marking""," as well as possible diseases of the reproductive system. Neutered animals can compete in all AKC events except conformation shows. Many SS participate in conformation and performance events (obedience, agility) where their trainability, alertness and enthusiasm serve them well. One growing area of interest among Standard owners is herding, for which most SS show real talent. A number of Standards now serve as Therapy Dogs, as Service Dogs for the physically-challenged, Search-and Rescue Dogs or as drug or bomb-detection dogs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> I first encountered totems during my job as a scientist. Funny, isn’t it. Yet, there were all these little figures around the computers in the environmental lab where I worked. They were to protect the instrument, make it run all night, and bless all the data being produced. It was the lucky shirt/shorts/whatever that we didn’t have to wear everyday and be obvious about it. Everyone picked a their own totems. And you needed permission from the instrument to swap one out for another if you took over someone’s equipment, or were running it for that matter. I’ve noticed that I’ve begun to acquire totems for my writing. My latest edition. I don’t hear the swearing, but maybe one day. This is a souvenir my friend gave me from her trip to Alaska. Yes, I’m a bit minion happy. My son picked this up from the movie theatre. Everyone should have minions. My friend gave me this one. I hang it at work, to dream of other things while doing my job. Zot, I picked up from the Renaissance Faire. Everyone should have a dragon guarding their work, so it doesn’t get stolen. This bit of crystal is supposed to attract money. I think it might be useful to knock a rich person upside the head and rob them, but so far much luck. Still, it’s pretty cruel and the cats like to knock it off my desk all the time. So there they are. My totems. Sometimes we all need a little help. Even if it is just in our heads. This entry was posted in Books, Life Observations, Paranormal creatures and tagged crystals, dragons, totems, writing. Bookmark the permalink. </s>" <s> I first encountered totems during my job as a scientist. Funny, isn’t it. Yet, there were all these little figures around the computers in the environmental lab where I worked. They were to protect the instrument, make it run all night, and bless all the data being produced. It was the lucky shirt/shorts/whatever that we didn’t have to wear everyday and be obvious about it. Everyone picked a their own totems. And you needed permission from the instrument to swap one out for another if you took over someone’s equipment, or were running it for that matter. I’ve noticed that I’ve begun to acquire totems for my writing. My latest edition. I don’t hear the swearing, but maybe one day. This is a souvenir my friend gave me from her trip to Alaska. Yes, I’m a bit minion happy. My son picked this up from the movie theatre. Everyone should have minions. My friend gave me this one. I hang it at work, to dream of other things while doing my job. Zot, I picked up from the Renaissance Faire. Everyone should have a dragon guarding their work, so it doesn’t get stolen. This bit of crystal is supposed to attract money. I think it might be useful to knock a rich person upside the head and rob them, but so far much luck. Still, it’s pretty cruel and the cats like to knock it off my desk all the time. So there they are. My totems. Sometimes we all need a little help. Even if it is just in our heads. This entry was posted in Books, Life Observations, Paranormal creatures and tagged crystals, dragons, totems, writing. Bookmark the permalink. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> 哪吒是中國神話中的神童,他勇敢走自己的路, 我希望他能開心玩耍,所以讓他到夏威夷渡假囉!!! NEZHA is Chinese mythology magical child, he went his own way with brave. I hope he will play happy, so let him to Hawaii Holiday. NEZHA is Chinese mythology magical child, he went his own way with brave. I hope he will play happy, so let him to Hawaii Holiday. </s>" <s> 哪吒是中國神話中的神童,他勇敢走自己的路, 我希望他能開心玩耍,所以讓他到夏威夷渡假囉!!! NEZHA is Chinese mythology magical child, he went his own way with brave. I hope he will play happy, so let him to Hawaii Holiday. NEZHA is Chinese mythology magical child, he went his own way with brave. I hope he will play happy, so let him to Hawaii Holiday. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> One of our members has recently caught this magnificent 21"" trout from the River Roch - a tributary of the Irwell. My money is that its a sea trout what do you think? The EA are adamant that there are no migratory fish in the Irwell system - despite growing photographic evidence to the contrary. The EA can prove whether a fish as been to sea or not by analysing the growth rings within the scale. When we can prove that Sea Trout are running the river again, the amount of grant money available to us will dramatically increase. We are constantly working to get fish passes installed on the 3 main barriers which block the fish from accessing the Irwell: namely the 3 locks on the Manchester Ship Canal at Irlam, Barton and Mode Wheel. Scale Sample - Scale Sample - Scale Sample ! The last recorded salmon on the Irwell system was in 1856 - get out there this autumn - you could get your name in the history books! I would love it to be a sea trout but it looks like a big brown. </s>" <s> One of our members has recently caught this magnificent "21""" trout from the River Roch - a tributary of the Irwell. My money is that its a sea trout what do you think? The EA are adamant that there are no migratory fish in the Irwell system - despite growing photographic evidence to the contrary. The EA can prove whether a fish as been to sea or not by analysing the growth rings within the scale. When we can prove that Sea Trout are running the river again, the amount of grant money available to us will dramatically increase. We are constantly working to get fish passes installed on the 3 main barriers which block the fish from accessing the Irwell: namely the 3 locks on the Manchester Ship Canal at Irlam, Barton and Mode Wheel. Scale Sample - Scale Sample - Scale Sample ! The last recorded salmon on the Irwell system was in 1856 - get out there this autumn - you could get your name in the history books! I would love it to be a sea trout but it looks like a big brown. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Get free estimates - appliance hook-ups installation, air conditioning inspection, underground wiring troubleshooting, surge protection etc. At www.homeprosaver.com browse helpful information on gfci line load inspection, how to replace ungrounded gfci, information on troubleshooting fuse box electricity while you explore details on recommended solutions for breaker box safety issues. Quotes on emergency storm repair for your house or office buildings, browse discounted air conditioning hook-up prices, as you study house improvement resources on air conditioning hook-up and fixing air conditioning hook-up. Refer to instructional weekly tabloids on fixing air conditioning hook-up by accredited reputed specialists in your city. Homeowners and building project managers can find best 10 advisors near you for residential or commercial jobs. Scan through discounted products such as boat docks wiring, wiring gfci outlet, sprinkler systems, hot tub wiring, breaker box safety, non grounded gfci. Save upto 60% on light fixture wiring, overlamping wiring, fire alarm wiring, lost neutral wiring, aluminum wiring, overloaded circuits, water heater wiring, water heater wiring, gfci outlet hookup from local supply stores in town. Browse through list of contractors and technicians who will help you with repairs, maintenance and installations of pool spa hook-up, smoke detectors, fire alarm, frequent electrical surge, broken light switch, dead outlet wiring, gfci load wiring, air conditioner wiring, 240 volt outlet. Browse and compare business listings and portfolios of 24 hour licensed electrical contractors in hollywood fl for broken light switch troubleshooting, exterior gfci outlet wiring, 100 amp circuit breaker box installation, electrical panel box repairs, bathroom outlet replacement and fusion box diagnosis. Browse through discounted sale on electrical materials for grounded outlet issues and upgrades. You may also glance over hvac forum pages to find help on while you ask questions, use affordable cost calculation and quote request form from industry's finest power upgrade contractors and code compliance specialist in your area. Step 1: Cut Power to the Circuit. Step 2: Remove the Old Light Fixture. Step 3: Disconnect the Wires. Step 4: Connect the New Wires. Step 5: Push Wiring Back into the Junction Box. Step 6: Attach the Fixture. Step 7: Wire the Light Kit. Step 8: Turn on the Power. B. Light Engine America Inc. </s>" <s> Get free estimates - appliance hook-ups installation, air conditioning inspection, underground wiring troubleshooting, surge protection etc. At www.homeprosaver.com browse helpful information on gfci line load inspection, how to replace ungrounded gfci, information on troubleshooting fuse box electricity while you explore details on recommended solutions for breaker box safety issues. Quotes on emergency storm repair for your house or office buildings, browse discounted air conditioning hook-up prices, as you study house improvement resources on air conditioning hook-up and fixing air conditioning hook-up. Refer to instructional weekly tabloids on fixing air conditioning hook-up by accredited reputed specialists in your city. Homeowners and building project managers can find best 10 advisors near you for residential or commercial jobs. Scan through discounted products such as boat docks wiring, wiring gfci outlet, sprinkler systems, hot tub wiring, breaker box safety, non grounded gfci. Save upto 60% on light fixture wiring, overlamping wiring, fire alarm wiring, lost neutral wiring, aluminum wiring, overloaded circuits, water heater wiring, water heater wiring, gfci outlet hookup from local supply stores in town. Browse through list of contractors and technicians who will help you with repairs, maintenance and installations of pool spa hook-up, smoke detectors, fire alarm, frequent electrical surge, broken light switch, dead outlet wiring, gfci load wiring, air conditioner wiring, 240 volt outlet. Browse and compare business listings and portfolios of 24 hour licensed electrical contractors in hollywood fl for broken light switch troubleshooting, exterior gfci outlet wiring, 100 amp circuit breaker box installation, electrical panel box repairs, bathroom outlet replacement and fusion box diagnosis. Browse through discounted sale on electrical materials for grounded outlet issues and upgrades. You may also glance over hvac forum pages to find help on while you ask questions, use affordable cost calculation and quote request form from industry's finest power upgrade contractors and code compliance specialist in your area. Step 1: Cut Power to the Circuit. Step 2: Remove the Old Light Fixture. Step 3: Disconnect the Wires. Step 4: Connect the New Wires. Step 5: Push Wiring Back into the Junction Box. Step 6: Attach the Fixture. Step 7: Wire the Light Kit. Step 8: Turn on the Power. B. Light Engine America Inc. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> The intentional targeting of civilians is a war crime, and not just the use of nuclear weapons against them. That is why terrorism is a criminal act. So is the carpet-bombing of population centres. I also agree that one shouldn't treat international law as if it were a system without blemishes, imperfections, problems - to be remedied and improved upon.... On the other hand, to dismiss the concept of crime from the conduct of war would amount, in effect, to allowing that war may be lawless - fought without moral restraints of any kind, only strategic ones. ...Whatever the deficits of international law may be at present, the world would be a different, and a worse, place if there were no laws of war and no concept of war crimes. Norm is responding to this. </s>" <s> The intentional targeting of civilians is a war crime, and not just the use of nuclear weapons against them. That is why terrorism is a criminal act. So is the carpet-bombing of population centres. I also agree that one shouldn't treat international law as if it were a system without blemishes, imperfections, problems - to be remedied and improved upon.... On the other hand, to dismiss the concept of crime from the conduct of war would amount, in effect, to allowing that war may be lawless - fought without moral restraints of any kind, only strategic ones. ...Whatever the deficits of international law may be at present, the world would be a different, and a worse, place if there were no laws of war and no concept of war crimes. Norm is responding to this. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Teaches the basic biological concepts through an experience-based approach. Field trips will be held at local sites of geological and biological interest. Topics covered will include: identification of woody plants, wildflowers, insects, birds and mushrooms; the ecology of fields, woods and wetlands; and bedrock and glacial geology. 3 Credits. A course which deals with biological aspects of humans and their impact on the environment. Students will study ecological principles that govern the world and will examine current environmental problems and issues. They will develop a greater awareness of global interdependence and the role of individuals in affecting environmental issues. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 3 Credits. A lecture course that will present information on nutrients and their use by the body. Topics include digestion, usage of nutrients, consequences of nutrient deficiencies or excesses, energy production and analysis of individual diets. Current research is integrated into the course. Depending on program requirements, this course can meet both Food Service (FSA 117) or Natural Science (BIO 117) elective or course requirement. A student may earn credit for BIO 117 or FSA 117, but cannot earn credit for both courses because they are equivalent courses. 3 Credits. A basic course emphasizing the significance and use of plants. Studies include simplified plant anatomy and physiology, propagation, cultivation and use of plants for food, landscaping and other purposes. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 3 Credits. An introduction to selected principles of the biological sciences explored through current topics in biology. Areas of study will include the organization of life, cell structure and function, DNA structure and heredity, biodiversity, evolution, and ecology. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 4 Credits. Sports nutrition combines the fields of nutrition and exercise physiology. The student will learn which type of foods, beverages, and/or supplements are needed for optimal performance in sporting events. The student will gain practical experience on how nutrition plays a role in how the body functions and performs during sporting events. 3 Credits. Laboratory exercises in human anatomy and physiology to supplement BIO 133 class lectures and text information. Bio 132 is a late start, 10 week course that has 3 lab hours per week. NOTE: This course only meets SUNY General Education Natural Science requirements when both BIO 132 and BIO 133 are successfully completed. 1 Credit. Prerequisite or corequisite: BIO 133. A study of the structure and function of the human body. The cause and effects of certain diseases are also included. The course is designed for the career or non-science student. NOTE: Students who successfully complete BIO 133 may, with the addition of BIO 132, complete the requirement for SUNY Natural Science General Education BIO 132 may be taken concurrently or in a later semester, but the student will not have satisfied the SUNY-NS requirement until both BIO 132 and BIO 133 are successfully completed. 3 Credits. The study of the structure and function of cells (including metabolism), tissues, integument, and musculoskeletal, nervous, and sensory systems. Designed for students enrolled in the Dental Hygiene, Health Information Management, and Physical Education programs. Also open to interested Liberal Arts students with some biology background. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: High school Biology with a grade of C or better, or any laboratory-based Biology course numbered 120 or higher with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. A continuation of BIO 134. Includes the study of the structure and function of the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic, immune, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 134, or permission of instructor. This is an introductory natural science course designed for the non-science, primarily criminal justice, major. The course will cover those biological and chemical fundamentals necessary for the student to understand topics of instrumentation and techniques employed in a crime laboratory. Topics such as matter, atomic theory, chemical bonding, chromatography, hair and fiber examination, blood and drug analysis, toxicology, and DNA typing will be included. The laboratory will include demonstrations and hands-on activities of methods used to study chemical and biological evidence. This course complements the existing CRJ 209 course which emphasizes the investigative procedures involved at the crime scene. A student may earn credit for BIO 136 or CHE 136, but cannot earn credit for both courses because they are equivalent courses. 4 Credits. The first course of a 2-semester comprehensive study of the anatomy and physiology of the human body. Topics include body organization, homeostasis, cells and tissues, integument, skeletal system, muscular system, nervous system and special senses. Laboratory study includes microscope work, substantial organ and animal dissection, and experiments designed to illustrate normal function and physiologic responses to specific stresses. Designed for students in Nursing, Radiologic Technology and other health related programs. 4 Credits. A grade of C or better in a college biology course with lab (BIO 120, BIO 132/133, BIO 155) or a C or better in high school biology, in addition to a C or better in a college chemistry course (CHE 100, CHE 124, CHE 145, or CHE 151) or a C or better in high school chemistry. A continuation of BIO 144 and the comprehensive study of the anatomy and physiology of the human body. Topics include the endocrine system, cardiovascular system, lymphatic and immune system, respiratory system, digestive system, urinary system, reproductive system, and fluid, electrolyte and acid/base balance. Laboratory study includes microscope work, substantial organ and animal dissection, and experiments designed to illustrate normal function and physiologic responses to specific stresses. Designed for students in Nursing, Radiologic Technology and other health-related programs. 4 Credits. Principles of biology with an emphasis on cellular structure and function, genetics and population genetics. Topics will include cellular metabolism, molecular genetics, gene expression, Mendelian genetics and population genetics. This course is an introductory biology course for science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for programs that do not require a laboratory science. 3 Credits. Prerequitie(s): High school biology with a grade of C or better, or BIO 120 with a grade of C or better, and high school chemistry with a grade of C or better, or any college chemistry course with a grade of C or better, or permission of instructor. Introduction to the basic principles and concepts of the theory of evolution. Topics will include natural selection and other forces driving evolution, speciation, evolutionary genetics, hominid evolution, and major lines of evidence supporting the theory of evolution. 3 Credits. Principles of biology with an emphasis on cellular structure and function, and organic evolution. Topics will include cellular metabolism, molecular genetics, gene expression, Mendelian genetics, natural selection and speciation. The laboratory features activities and experiments that reinforce the concepts presented in lecture. This course is the first in a two-semester sequence in introductory biology for science majors or science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for science-interested students. WR 4 Credits. Prerequisite: High school biology with a grade of B or better, or BIO 120 with a grade of C or better, and high school chemistry with a grade of C or better, or any college chemistry course with a grade of C or better, or permission of instructor. Principles of biology with an emphasis on the diversity of life, the structure and function of plants and animals, and general ecological principles. The laboratory features activities and experiments that reinforce the concepts presented in lecture. This course is the second in a two-semester sequence in introductory biology for science majors or science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for science-interested students. WR 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 155 with a grade of C- or higher. This course is designed for students who wish to study a particular natural habitat or environment in a focused, hands-on, field setting. The majority of course work is completed in the field at a local or distant location depending upon the title and focus of the course for a given semester. Students will conduct field observations, record data, participate in and design field experiments and construct a field notebook detailing all aspects of their field experience. Additional fees for travel, lodging, food, and other field expenses may apply. Variable Credit. Prerequisite: One Biology lab course preferred. Permission of instructor required. A one term course for health professionals. A brief introduction to principles of general microbiology with major emphasis on control of microorganisms by physical and chemical processes. Medical microbiology including pathogenicity and epidemiology of infectious diseases, and immunology. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 134 or BIO 143 or BIO 144 or BIO 155 or permission of instructor. A survey of microorganisms: bacteria, viruses, rickettsia, protozoa, algae and fungi. Major emphasis is placed upon bacteria: classification, genetics, ecology, morphology, physiology, physical and chemical control and economic importance. An introduction to applications of microbiology to food and water analysis, industry and medicine, including principles of immunology and transmission of infectious diseases. This course is designed for the Liberal Arts or science-interested student. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 as prerequisite or corequisite, and CHE 145 or CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. Students who have completed BIO 156 with a grade below C- are advised to repeat BIO 156 before attempting BIO 209. The study of nutrients needed for healthy functioning of human beings and the biochemical functions of these nutrients in the body. The nutrient content of foods and its application to meal planning. Special nutritional needs of infants, pregnant women, nursing mothers and the elderly. The course is designed for students in Nursing, Dental Hygiene, Radiologic Technology, and other Health Related Programs. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 135 or BIO 143 or BIO 145 or permission of instructor. A study of the major chemical constituents of cells including proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, and nucleic acids. Structure and function will be emphasized. Enzyme kinetics, regulation of enzyme activity, and metabolic pathways will also be covered. Laboratory activities include isolation of biological molecules from different biological samples using a variety of common biochemistry techniques with subsequent analysis and characterization. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better, and CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. An introduction to the principles and methods of analytical technique as they relate to quantitative measures of determination. Laboratory experiments include instruction in the use of balances and volumetrics, spectrophotometric analysis, and a variety of titrimetric methods. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: CHE 151 or permission of instructor. An in-depth study of the theory and practice of separation techniques that would be employed in the isolation and purification of biomolecules such as proteins, enzymes, and nucleic acids. Laboratory experiments involve immunology, chromatography, electrophoresis, and blotting techniques (western and southern blots). 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better or BIO 225, or permission of instructor. A discussion based capstone course that will integrate the topics and concepts of the Biotechnology Program. Emphasis will be on applications of biotechnology, current issues, societal/ethical concerns, and laboratory management. 1 Credit. A study of the transmission of genetic information with emphasis on the structure and function of nucleic acids. The genetics of prokaryotes, eukaryotes and viruses will be covered. The molecular basis of replication, repair, recombination, and gene expression will also be examined. Lab experiments introduce a variety of molecular biology techniques such as replica plating, bacterial conjugation and transformation, the isolation and restriction enzyme cleavage of plasmid DNA, and restriction mapping. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better and CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. An introductory course for students in health related disciplines designed to facilitate further learning in their areas of specialization and promote effective interactions as members of the health care team. The course provides an overview of human diseases, their frequency, significance, diagnosis and treatment. The course moves from basic pathological processes to diseases by organs or organ systems to multiple system diseases and associated processes. 3 Credits. For students in programs leading to a degree in an allied health field. Careful dissection of the human body by students under faculty supervision will be used to reinforce and enrich the student's study of anatomy. Students gain experience in making educated decisions concerning the dissection, as well as in dissection technique and identification of human anatomical structures. 1 Credit. Prerequisite: BIO 142 and permission of the instructor. An introduction to the interactions between living organisms and their physical, chemical and biological environment. Several levels of ecological organization are examined. These include the study of different types of populations, communities and ecosystems. Topics include population structure and growth, species interaction, energy flow, nutrient cycling, succession, and applications to current environmental management issues. Students perform ecological experiments in the field as well as in the laboratory. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 155 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. A study of vertebrate structure, function and evolution. Relationships between the structural and functional adaptations of the different vertebrate groups and their environment are examined. The laboratory features dissections and experiments that illustrate these adaptations in both aquatic and terrestrial vertebrates. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. See the Department Chairperson for more information on Independent Study courses. Variable Credit. </s>" <s> Teaches the basic biological concepts through an experience-based approach. Field trips will be held at local sites of geological and biological interest. Topics covered will include: identification of woody plants, wildflowers, insects, birds and mushrooms; the ecology of fields, woods and wetlands; and bedrock and glacial geology. 3 Credits. A course which deals with biological aspects of humans and their impact on the environment. Students will study ecological principles that govern the world and will examine current environmental problems and issues. They will develop a greater awareness of global interdependence and the role of individuals in affecting environmental issues. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 3 Credits. A lecture course that will present information on nutrients and their use by the body. Topics include digestion, usage of nutrients, consequences of nutrient deficiencies or excesses, energy production and analysis of individual diets. Current research is integrated into the course. Depending on program requirements, this course can meet both Food Service (FSA 117) or Natural Science (BIO 117) elective or course requirement. A student may earn credit for BIO 117 or FSA 117, but cannot earn credit for both courses because they are equivalent courses. 3 Credits. A basic course emphasizing the significance and use of plants. Studies include simplified plant anatomy and physiology, propagation, cultivation and use of plants for food, landscaping and other purposes. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 3 Credits. An introduction to selected principles of the biological sciences explored through current topics in biology. Areas of study will include the organization of life, cell structure and function, DNA structure and heredity, biodiversity, evolution, and ecology. This course is designed for the career or non-science student. 4 Credits. Sports nutrition combines the fields of nutrition and exercise physiology. The student will learn which type of foods, beverages, and/or supplements are needed for optimal performance in sporting events. The student will gain practical experience on how nutrition plays a role in how the body functions and performs during sporting events. 3 Credits. Laboratory exercises in human anatomy and physiology to supplement BIO 133 class lectures and text information. Bio 132 is a late start, 10 week course that has 3 lab hours per week. NOTE: This course only meets SUNY General Education Natural Science requirements when both BIO 132 and BIO 133 are successfully completed. 1 Credit. Prerequisite or corequisite: BIO 133. A study of the structure and function of the human body. The cause and effects of certain diseases are also included. The course is designed for the career or non-science student. NOTE: Students who successfully complete BIO 133 may, with the addition of BIO 132, complete the requirement for SUNY Natural Science General Education BIO 132 may be taken concurrently or in a later semester, but the student will not have satisfied the SUNY-NS requirement until both BIO 132 and BIO 133 are successfully completed. 3 Credits. The study of the structure and function of cells (including metabolism), tissues, integument, and musculoskeletal, nervous, and sensory systems. Designed for students enrolled in the Dental Hygiene, Health Information Management, and Physical Education programs. Also open to interested Liberal Arts students with some biology background. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: High school Biology with a grade of C or better, or any laboratory-based Biology course numbered 120 or higher with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. A continuation of BIO 134. Includes the study of the structure and function of the endocrine, cardiovascular, lymphatic, immune, digestive, urinary, and reproductive systems. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 134, or permission of instructor. This is an introductory natural science course designed for the non-science, primarily criminal justice, major. The course will cover those biological and chemical fundamentals necessary for the student to understand topics of instrumentation and techniques employed in a crime laboratory. Topics such as matter, atomic theory, chemical bonding, chromatography, hair and fiber examination, blood and drug analysis, toxicology, and DNA typing will be included. The laboratory will include demonstrations and hands-on activities of methods used to study chemical and biological evidence. This course complements the existing CRJ 209 course which emphasizes the investigative procedures involved at the crime scene. A student may earn credit for BIO 136 or CHE 136, but cannot earn credit for both courses because they are equivalent courses. 4 Credits. The first course of a 2-semester comprehensive study of the anatomy and physiology of the human body. Topics include body organization, homeostasis, cells and tissues, integument, skeletal system, muscular system, nervous system and special senses. Laboratory study includes microscope work, substantial organ and animal dissection, and experiments designed to illustrate normal function and physiologic responses to specific stresses. Designed for students in Nursing, Radiologic Technology and other health related programs. 4 Credits. A grade of C or better in a college biology course with lab (BIO 120, BIO 132/133, BIO 155) or a C or better in high school biology, in addition to a C or better in a college chemistry course (CHE 100, CHE 124, CHE 145, or CHE 151) or a C or better in high school chemistry. A continuation of BIO 144 and the comprehensive study of the anatomy and physiology of the human body. Topics include the endocrine system, cardiovascular system, lymphatic and immune system, respiratory system, digestive system, urinary system, reproductive system, and fluid, electrolyte and acid/base balance. Laboratory study includes microscope work, substantial organ and animal dissection, and experiments designed to illustrate normal function and physiologic responses to specific stresses. Designed for students in Nursing, Radiologic Technology and other health-related programs. 4 Credits. Principles of biology with an emphasis on cellular structure and function, genetics and population genetics. Topics will include cellular metabolism, molecular genetics, gene expression, Mendelian genetics and population genetics. This course is an introductory biology course for science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for programs that do not require a laboratory science. 3 Credits. Prerequitie(s): High school biology with a grade of C or better, or BIO 120 with a grade of C or better, and high school chemistry with a grade of C or better, or any college chemistry course with a grade of C or better, or permission of instructor. Introduction to the basic principles and concepts of the theory of evolution. Topics will include natural selection and other forces driving evolution, speciation, evolutionary genetics, hominid evolution, and major lines of evidence supporting the theory of evolution. 3 Credits. Principles of biology with an emphasis on cellular structure and function, and organic evolution. Topics will include cellular metabolism, molecular genetics, gene expression, Mendelian genetics, natural selection and speciation. The laboratory features activities and experiments that reinforce the concepts presented in lecture. This course is the first in a two-semester sequence in introductory biology for science majors or science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for science-interested students. WR 4 Credits. Prerequisite: High school biology with a grade of B or better, or BIO 120 with a grade of C or better, and high school chemistry with a grade of C or better, or any college chemistry course with a grade of C or better, or permission of instructor. Principles of biology with an emphasis on the diversity of life, the structure and function of plants and animals, and general ecological principles. The laboratory features activities and experiments that reinforce the concepts presented in lecture. This course is the second in a two-semester sequence in introductory biology for science majors or science-interested students. This course may also fulfill a natural science elective for science-interested students. WR 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 155 with a grade of C- or higher. This course is designed for students who wish to study a particular natural habitat or environment in a focused, hands-on, field setting. The majority of course work is completed in the field at a local or distant location depending upon the title and focus of the course for a given semester. Students will conduct field observations, record data, participate in and design field experiments and construct a field notebook detailing all aspects of their field experience. Additional fees for travel, lodging, food, and other field expenses may apply. Variable Credit. Prerequisite: One Biology lab course preferred. Permission of instructor required. A one term course for health professionals. A brief introduction to principles of general microbiology with major emphasis on control of microorganisms by physical and chemical processes. Medical microbiology including pathogenicity and epidemiology of infectious diseases, and immunology. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 134 or BIO 143 or BIO 144 or BIO 155 or permission of instructor. A survey of microorganisms: bacteria, viruses, rickettsia, protozoa, algae and fungi. Major emphasis is placed upon bacteria: classification, genetics, ecology, morphology, physiology, physical and chemical control and economic importance. An introduction to applications of microbiology to food and water analysis, industry and medicine, including principles of immunology and transmission of infectious diseases. This course is designed for the Liberal Arts or science-interested student. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 as prerequisite or corequisite, and CHE 145 or CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. Students who have completed BIO 156 with a grade below C- are advised to repeat BIO 156 before attempting BIO 209. The study of nutrients needed for healthy functioning of human beings and the biochemical functions of these nutrients in the body. The nutrient content of foods and its application to meal planning. Special nutritional needs of infants, pregnant women, nursing mothers and the elderly. The course is designed for students in Nursing, Dental Hygiene, Radiologic Technology, and other Health Related Programs. 3 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 135 or BIO 143 or BIO 145 or permission of instructor. A study of the major chemical constituents of cells including proteins, carbohydrates, lipids, and nucleic acids. Structure and function will be emphasized. Enzyme kinetics, regulation of enzyme activity, and metabolic pathways will also be covered. Laboratory activities include isolation of biological molecules from different biological samples using a variety of common biochemistry techniques with subsequent analysis and characterization. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better, and CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. An introduction to the principles and methods of analytical technique as they relate to quantitative measures of determination. Laboratory experiments include instruction in the use of balances and volumetrics, spectrophotometric analysis, and a variety of titrimetric methods. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: CHE 151 or permission of instructor. An in-depth study of the theory and practice of separation techniques that would be employed in the isolation and purification of biomolecules such as proteins, enzymes, and nucleic acids. Laboratory experiments involve immunology, chromatography, electrophoresis, and blotting techniques (western and southern blots). 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better or BIO 225, or permission of instructor. A discussion based capstone course that will integrate the topics and concepts of the Biotechnology Program. Emphasis will be on applications of biotechnology, current issues, societal/ethical concerns, and laboratory management. 1 Credit. A study of the transmission of genetic information with emphasis on the structure and function of nucleic acids. The genetics of prokaryotes, eukaryotes and viruses will be covered. The molecular basis of replication, repair, recombination, and gene expression will also be examined. Lab experiments introduce a variety of molecular biology techniques such as replica plating, bacterial conjugation and transformation, the isolation and restriction enzyme cleavage of plasmid DNA, and restriction mapping. 4 Credits. Prerequisites: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better and CHE 151 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. An introductory course for students in health related disciplines designed to facilitate further learning in their areas of specialization and promote effective interactions as members of the health care team. The course provides an overview of human diseases, their frequency, significance, diagnosis and treatment. The course moves from basic pathological processes to diseases by organs or organ systems to multiple system diseases and associated processes. 3 Credits. For students in programs leading to a degree in an allied health field. Careful dissection of the human body by students under faculty supervision will be used to reinforce and enrich the student's study of anatomy. Students gain experience in making educated decisions concerning the dissection, as well as in dissection technique and identification of human anatomical structures. 1 Credit. Prerequisite: BIO 142 and permission of the instructor. An introduction to the interactions between living organisms and their physical, chemical and biological environment. Several levels of ecological organization are examined. These include the study of different types of populations, communities and ecosystems. Topics include population structure and growth, species interaction, energy flow, nutrient cycling, succession, and applications to current environmental management issues. Students perform ecological experiments in the field as well as in the laboratory. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 155 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. A study of vertebrate structure, function and evolution. Relationships between the structural and functional adaptations of the different vertebrate groups and their environment are examined. The laboratory features dissections and experiments that illustrate these adaptations in both aquatic and terrestrial vertebrates. 4 Credits. Prerequisite: BIO 156 with a grade of C- or better, or permission of instructor. See the Department Chairperson for more information on Independent Study courses. Variable Credit. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> On May 19, 2017 we visited the lovely Song Lo Orphanage with essential supplies. Song Lo is a small orphanage to the west of Nha Trang, in a peaceful countryside setting. The orphanage is dependent upon donations for survival, and we contacted the nuns about the orphanage’s immediate needs. They gave us a detailed list, and our team of volunteers bought all the supplies, and drove out to visit with the orphans. We brought milk, bags of beans, dried mushrooms, cans of sardines, bread rolls, fruit, shampoo and soaps, diapers and toiletries, cleaning supplies, snacks, badminton sets, and jump ropes. The children were happy to see the snacks, and quickly opened the packages of badminton sets and jump ropes. Our team stayed and visited for a while, and played with the children with their new toys. This visit was made possible through a donation from the BEI Foundation. Thank you!!! </s>" <s> On May 19, 2017 we visited the lovely Song Lo Orphanage with essential supplies. Song Lo is a small orphanage to the west of Nha Trang, in a peaceful countryside setting. The orphanage is dependent upon donations for survival, and we contacted the nuns about the orphanage’s immediate needs. They gave us a detailed list, and our team of volunteers bought all the supplies, and drove out to visit with the orphans. We brought milk, bags of beans, dried mushrooms, cans of sardines, bread rolls, fruit, shampoo and soaps, diapers and toiletries, cleaning supplies, snacks, badminton sets, and jump ropes. The children were happy to see the snacks, and quickly opened the packages of badminton sets and jump ropes. Our team stayed and visited for a while, and played with the children with their new toys. This visit was made possible through a donation from the BEI Foundation. Thank you!!! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The Sacrament of Reconciliation is where your friendship with God is repaired, your soul is cleansed, and your mind is freed from a guilty conscious. Do you know the parable of the disobedient son and his all-compassionate father (Luke 15:11-32)? The parable is really about God the Father and His endless love for wayward humanity! Whatever wrong we may do, God is ready to have compassion on us, embrace us, and kiss us when we repent! Jesus tells us about the happiness our repentance causes: ""Just so, I tell you, there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over ninety-nine righteous persons who need no repentance"" (Luke 15:7). ""And behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and broke in pieces the rocks before the Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind; and after the wind an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake; and after the earthquake a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire; and after the fire a still small voice"" (2 Kings 19:11-12). Despite modern culture's obsession with Armageddon, God does not need to send earthquakes, plagues, and other disasters to inform us of our sins. In our conscience -- that ""small voice"" -- we can hear God speaking to us His commandments. When we do wrong, our conscience will alert us. Take time to recall your sins. Here is as excellent list of questions to ask yourself. Do you have a mountain's worth of sin to confess? No worries. If you think that you'll have trouble confessing it all when it matters (i.e., in the confessional), then write them down on paper -- but don't forget to destroy the paper afterwards! Take what you remember to confession. When are confessions heard? Usually on Saturdays 4PM - 5 PM and anytime by appointment. You can also find your church's confessional schedule at MassTimes.org. By the will and pleasure of Christ, Christ gave His Church the power to forgive sins: ""If you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven; if you retain the sins of any, they are retained"" (John 20:23). Therefore, the priest has the power to forgive sins. Be prepared to take joy in his words: ""Take heart, my son (or daughter); your sins are forgiven"" (Matt 9:2). Be sorry for your sins. When the confession starts, make the Sign of the Cross with the priest. The priest may welcome you. If he does, wait until he is finished. Tell him how long it has been since your last confession: ""Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. It has been (amount of weeks/months/years) since my last confession."" After the absolution, say, ""Thank you, Father."" Giving thanks is one of the best and simplest forms of prayer around! One time, Jesus healed ten people, but only one came back to thank Him. Jesus asked that one thankful person, ""Were not ten cleansed? Where are the nine? Was no one found to return and give thanks to God except this one?"" (Luke 17:17-18). Now that your sins have been forgiven, do the penance assigned to you. Penance heals the wounds caused by sin and will strengthen you from sinning again. Penance is usually prayer, but it could also be donating to the poor, returning stolen goods, saying sorry to those you hurt, doing an act of charity, etc. Whatever the penance is, it is good for you. Now that your sins are forgiven, let go of them from your conscience. The purpose of guilt is to bring a soul to repentance; a soul without sin has no use for guilty feelings. As many saints have noted, feeling guilty after forgiveness is a trick from our invisible spiritual enemies. Who is there like you, the God who removes guilt and pardons sin for the remnant of his inheritance; who does not persist in anger forever, but delights rather in clemency, and will again have compassion on us, treading underfoot out guilt? You will cast into the depths of the sea all our sins; You will show faithfulness to Jacob, and grace to Abraham, as you have sworn to our fathers from days of old (Micah 7:18-20). </s>" <s> The Sacrament of Reconciliation is where your friendship with God is repaired, your soul is cleansed, and your mind is freed from a guilty conscious. Do you know the parable of the disobedient son and his all-compassionate father (Luke 15:11-32)? The parable is really about God the Father and His endless love for wayward humanity! Whatever wrong we may do, God is ready to have compassion on us, embrace us, and kiss us when we repent! Jesus tells us about the happiness our repentance causes: """Just" so, I tell you, there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over ninety-nine righteous persons who need no "repentance""" (Luke 15:7). """And" behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and broke in pieces the rocks before the Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind; and after the wind an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake; and after the earthquake a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire; and after the fire a still small "voice""" (2 Kings 19:11-12). Despite modern culture's obsession with Armageddon, God does not need to send earthquakes, plagues, and other disasters to inform us of our sins. In our conscience -- that """small" "voice""" -- we can hear God speaking to us His commandments. When we do wrong, our conscience will alert us. Take time to recall your sins. Here is as excellent list of questions to ask yourself. Do you have a mountain's worth of sin to confess? No worries. If you think that you'll have trouble confessing it all when it matters (i.e., in the confessional), then write them down on paper -- but don't forget to destroy the paper afterwards! Take what you remember to confession. When are confessions heard? Usually on Saturdays 4PM - 5 PM and anytime by appointment. You can also find your church's confessional schedule at MassTimes.org. By the will and pleasure of Christ, Christ gave His Church the power to forgive sins: """If" you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven; if you retain the sins of any, they are "retained""" (John 20:23). Therefore, the priest has the power to forgive sins. Be prepared to take joy in his words: """Take" heart, my son (or daughter); your sins are "forgiven""" (Matt 9:2). Be sorry for your sins. When the confession starts, make the Sign of the Cross with the priest. The priest may welcome you. If he does, wait until he is finished. Tell him how long it has been since your last confession: """Forgive" me Father, for I have sinned. It has been (amount of weeks/months/years) since my last "confession.""" After the absolution, say, """Thank" you, "Father.""" Giving thanks is one of the best and simplest forms of prayer around! One time, Jesus healed ten people, but only one came back to thank Him. Jesus asked that one thankful person, """Were" not ten cleansed? Where are the nine? Was no one found to return and give thanks to God except this "one?""" (Luke 17:17-18). Now that your sins have been forgiven, do the penance assigned to you. Penance heals the wounds caused by sin and will strengthen you from sinning again. Penance is usually prayer, but it could also be donating to the poor, returning stolen goods, saying sorry to those you hurt, doing an act of charity, etc. Whatever the penance is, it is good for you. Now that your sins are forgiven, let go of them from your conscience. The purpose of guilt is to bring a soul to repentance; a soul without sin has no use for guilty feelings. As many saints have noted, feeling guilty after forgiveness is a trick from our invisible spiritual enemies. Who is there like you, the God who removes guilt and pardons sin for the remnant of his inheritance; who does not persist in anger forever, but delights rather in clemency, and will again have compassion on us, treading underfoot out guilt? You will cast into the depths of the sea all our sins; You will show faithfulness to Jacob, and grace to Abraham, as you have sworn to our fathers from days of old (Micah 7:18-20). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> For poopys and giggles I just looked up one way tickets to Little Rock. Ridiculous prices. I can fly to the west coast for 1/2 the cost. . I don't see any mention of a trailer hitch being built into the trike at the dealer. It would be a whole lot easier to make sure the under-frame is solid enough and provides the attachment for a Receiver Hitch. I didn't see you ask if anyone on the forum could chauffeur you down there when it's time to pick it up. That would be a great option. Chauffeur from where? No members close by me here that I'm aware of. Am I missing something obvious? Hitch is included John....it was in my post on the features list. But since you are having the hitch installed, it is a breeze to get it wired up even before you get the trike. There will be a 6 pole plug to the left of the hitch underneath and CSC sells a wiring harness with bare leads to wire up your vehicle side connector. It will plug right up then. You just need to call CSC Parts & Service: (434) 263-8866 and order it. Im kind of surprised the trike doesnt come with it but it is right around $20 IIRC. I will include a screen shot with the wiring colors in this thread. It is mislabeled as the license plate wire colors but it is actually the trailer wiring diagram right out of the manual. The things that come to mind. </s>" <s> For poopys and giggles I just looked up one way tickets to Little Rock. Ridiculous prices. I can fly to the west coast for 1/2 the cost. . I don't see any mention of a trailer hitch being built into the trike at the dealer. It would be a whole lot easier to make sure the under-frame is solid enough and provides the attachment for a Receiver Hitch. I didn't see you ask if anyone on the forum could chauffeur you down there when it's time to pick it up. That would be a great option. Chauffeur from where? No members close by me here that I'm aware of. Am I missing something obvious? Hitch is included John....it was in my post on the features list. But since you are having the hitch installed, it is a breeze to get it wired up even before you get the trike. There will be a 6 pole plug to the left of the hitch underneath and CSC sells a wiring harness with bare leads to wire up your vehicle side connector. It will plug right up then. You just need to call CSC Parts & Service: (434) 263-8866 and order it. Im kind of surprised the trike doesnt come with it but it is right around $20 IIRC. I will include a screen shot with the wiring colors in this thread. It is mislabeled as the license plate wire colors but it is actually the trailer wiring diagram right out of the manual. The things that come to mind. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> The Capstone Institute is a research, development, and technical assistance center within Howard University. It has a full-time professional staff comprised of a multi-disciplinary team of practitioners to include training, curriculum and evaluation specialists, administrators, and support personnel, as well as researchers, faculty associates, and students. We provide students and stakeholders with professional development services, classroom support and technical assistance, tutorial services, psychosocial support, classroom management techniques, and opportunities for community engagement. We are a research, development, and technical assistance center that is committed to providing services that lead all learners to excellence. On our website, you’ll find information on the services that we provide, our unique model, and our team. In Creating the Opportunity to Learn, Dr. A. Wade Boykin and Pedro Noguera help navigate the turbid waters of evidence-based methodologies and chart a course toward closing (and eliminating) the academic achievement gap. Turning a critical eye to current and recent research, the authors present a comprehensive view of the achievement gap and advocate for strategies that contribute to the success of all children. Boykin and Noguera maintain that it is possible to close the achievement gap by abandoning failed strategies, learning from successful schools, and simply doing more of what the research shows is most effective. Success is founded on equity, but equity involves more than simply ensuring students have equal access to education; equity also entails a focus on outcomes and results. </s>" <s> The Capstone Institute is a research, development, and technical assistance center within Howard University. It has a full-time professional staff comprised of a multi-disciplinary team of practitioners to include training, curriculum and evaluation specialists, administrators, and support personnel, as well as researchers, faculty associates, and students. We provide students and stakeholders with professional development services, classroom support and technical assistance, tutorial services, psychosocial support, classroom management techniques, and opportunities for community engagement. We are a research, development, and technical assistance center that is committed to providing services that lead all learners to excellence. On our website, you’ll find information on the services that we provide, our unique model, and our team. In Creating the Opportunity to Learn, Dr. A. Wade Boykin and Pedro Noguera help navigate the turbid waters of evidence-based methodologies and chart a course toward closing (and eliminating) the academic achievement gap. Turning a critical eye to current and recent research, the authors present a comprehensive view of the achievement gap and advocate for strategies that contribute to the success of all children. Boykin and Noguera maintain that it is possible to close the achievement gap by abandoning failed strategies, learning from successful schools, and simply doing more of what the research shows is most effective. Success is founded on equity, but equity involves more than simply ensuring students have equal access to education; equity also entails a focus on outcomes and results. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> A mix of clouds and sun. High around 80F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph.. A clear sky. Low 54F. NW winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph. Higher wind gusts possible. </s>" <s> A mix of clouds and sun. High around 80F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph.. A clear sky. Low 54F. NW winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph. Higher wind gusts possible. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Just so you know I don't drink this just for me, I drink it for you. If I don't have coffee, it'll be your health that suffers. Espresso, Coffee, tea or a delicious latte. It doesn't matter what caffeinated beverage is in this cup, as long as it keeps me going. So remember, I drink this for your health, not for mine. </s>" <s> Just so you know I don't drink this just for me, I drink it for you. If I don't have coffee, it'll be your health that suffers. Espresso, Coffee, tea or a delicious latte. It doesn't matter what caffeinated beverage is in this cup, as long as it keeps me going. So remember, I drink this for your health, not for mine. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Why to verify your Mozambique email address list? If you have any questions or need a custom quote, you may contact us by using contact page here. You'are welcome! We are looking for clients from Mozambique and various regions. </s>" <s> Why to verify your Mozambique email address list? If you have any questions or need a custom quote, you may contact us by using contact page here. You'are welcome! We are looking for clients from Mozambique and various regions. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> If you love bees as much as we do here at Anna's Honey, you want to know how you can help protect them. Are you starting to wonder, ""How do honey bees impact my daily life?"" The answer is, pretty significantly. The National Honey Board reports that, ""about one-third of the U.S. diet is derived from insect-pollinated plants and honey bees are responsible for an impressive 80 percent of that process."" Take a look at the list below and pick one action that will help the honey bees today! Bee-friendly flowers include: Sunflowers, calendulas, poppies, geraniums and crocus. Discover more bee-friendly flowers and herbs from this list provided by the National Honey Board. Similar to bird baths, a shallow bowl of water will offer a refreshing drink to busy working bees. Place rocks in the dish to give bees a place to land and rest while they drink. Some pesticides can be toxic for bees. Avoid gardening products that contain the chemical neonicotinoids (neonics). The Center For Food Safety has a convenient list of products to avoid available here. Make holes in a dead tree for bees to shelter and nest in. Instructions on how to build a ‘Bee Condo’ are available here. Give a donation or volunteer your time with a group dedicated to preserving the health of honey bees. What are you doing to help the bees? Tell us in the comments below. </s>" <s> If you love bees as much as we do here at Anna's Honey, you want to know how you can help protect them. Are you starting to wonder, """How" do honey bees impact my daily "life?""" The answer is, pretty significantly. The National Honey Board reports that, """about" one-third of the U.S. diet is derived from insect-pollinated plants and honey bees are responsible for an impressive 80 percent of that "process.""" Take a look at the list below and pick one action that will help the honey bees today! Bee-friendly flowers include: Sunflowers, calendulas, poppies, geraniums and crocus. Discover more bee-friendly flowers and herbs from this list provided by the National Honey Board. Similar to bird baths, a shallow bowl of water will offer a refreshing drink to busy working bees. Place rocks in the dish to give bees a place to land and rest while they drink. Some pesticides can be toxic for bees. Avoid gardening products that contain the chemical neonicotinoids (neonics). The Center For Food Safety has a convenient list of products to avoid available here. Make holes in a dead tree for bees to shelter and nest in. Instructions on how to build a ‘Bee Condo’ are available here. Give a donation or volunteer your time with a group dedicated to preserving the health of honey bees. What are you doing to help the bees? Tell us in the comments below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> LET'S REACH OUT AND HELP SOMEONE IN NEED! and around the world. We are currently collecting hats, scarves & gloves for the City Gospel Mission. </s>" <s> LET'S REACH OUT AND HELP SOMEONE IN NEED! and around the world. We are currently collecting hats, scarves & gloves for the City Gospel Mission. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Hearings Scheduled on Parks Master PlanThe City of San Marcos Parks & Recreation Department plans a series of public hearings in July, August and September to take public comment on the Parks, Recreation and Open Space Master Plan. Public Hearing will be held on the following dates and locations. Individuals who require auxiliary aids and services for this meeting should contact the City of San Marcos ADA Coordinator at 393-8244 (voice) or 393-8229 (TDD). Residents may also mail comments to the Parks & Recreation Department, City of San Marcos, 630 E. Hopkins, San Marcos, Texas 78666 or email to parks_info@ci.san-marcos.tx.us . </s>" <s> Hearings Scheduled on Parks Master PlanThe City of San Marcos Parks & Recreation Department plans a series of public hearings in July, August and September to take public comment on the Parks, Recreation and Open Space Master Plan. Public Hearing will be held on the following dates and locations. Individuals who require auxiliary aids and services for this meeting should contact the City of San Marcos ADA Coordinator at 393-8244 (voice) or 393-8229 (TDD). Residents may also mail comments to the Parks & Recreation Department, City of San Marcos, 630 E. Hopkins, San Marcos, Texas 78666 or email to parks_info@ci.san-marcos.tx.us . </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Dr. German is a Professor in the Department of Medicine at UCSF, Associate Director and Clinical Director of the UCSF Diabetes Center, Director of the the Hillblom Islet Genesis Network and the UCSF NIH Diabetes Research Center (DRC), and a Principal Investigator in the Hormone Research Institute. He cares for patients at the UCSF Diabetes Clinic and hospital wards, teaches medical students, and lectures at the UCSF Diabetes Center’s patient self-management training courses while maintaining a research laboratory investigating diabetes at the most basic level. Insulin, the hormone that controls energy metabolism and regulates blood glucose levels, is produced exclusively in the pancreatic beta-cells. When the insulin supplied by the beta-cells is inadequate for an individual's metabolic requirements, blood glucose levels rise and diabetes mellitus ensues. The central focus of Dr.German’s research program is the pancreatic beta-cell, the cell in the pancreas that makes insulin. He is interested in the genes that control the development of the beta-cells from stem cells. He is also interested in where these processes break down in diabetes, and in how to translate our knowledge of the beta-cell into novel strategies for curing diabetes. The German Lab's general strategy is to identify the genes that regulate the transition of stem cells to mature beta-cells. These factors and their genes are then used as tools to understand the process of beta-cell development by studying both how they regulate development and how they are regulated themselves, both in the culture dish and in the intact organism. </s>" <s> Dr. German is a Professor in the Department of Medicine at UCSF, Associate Director and Clinical Director of the UCSF Diabetes Center, Director of the the Hillblom Islet Genesis Network and the UCSF NIH Diabetes Research Center (DRC), and a Principal Investigator in the Hormone Research Institute. He cares for patients at the UCSF Diabetes Clinic and hospital wards, teaches medical students, and lectures at the UCSF Diabetes Center’s patient self-management training courses while maintaining a research laboratory investigating diabetes at the most basic level. Insulin, the hormone that controls energy metabolism and regulates blood glucose levels, is produced exclusively in the pancreatic beta-cells. When the insulin supplied by the beta-cells is inadequate for an individual's metabolic requirements, blood glucose levels rise and diabetes mellitus ensues. The central focus of Dr.German’s research program is the pancreatic beta-cell, the cell in the pancreas that makes insulin. He is interested in the genes that control the development of the beta-cells from stem cells. He is also interested in where these processes break down in diabetes, and in how to translate our knowledge of the beta-cell into novel strategies for curing diabetes. The German Lab's general strategy is to identify the genes that regulate the transition of stem cells to mature beta-cells. These factors and their genes are then used as tools to understand the process of beta-cell development by studying both how they regulate development and how they are regulated themselves, both in the culture dish and in the intact organism. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Thank you for the invitation and the opportunity to be here with you and to celebrate 1 year and 2 issues of META. Let me briefly outline what I would like to speak to you about in the next 30 minutes. My initial focus will be on my understanding of sense and nonsense, on the possibilities and limitations of regional research and its public and academic role. Against this background, I will reflect on our digital birthday boy—what does META want to accomplish something, and what should META accomplish, in today's research environment? Finally, I will look specifically at the newest issue and ask the question: has META lived up to its goals? Here, I can already reveal to you that the answer will be a resounding ""Yes"". </s>" <s> Thank you for the invitation and the opportunity to be here with you and to celebrate 1 year and 2 issues of META. Let me briefly outline what I would like to speak to you about in the next 30 minutes. My initial focus will be on my understanding of sense and nonsense, on the possibilities and limitations of regional research and its public and academic role. Against this background, I will reflect on our digital birthday boy—what does META want to accomplish something, and what should META accomplish, in today's research environment? Finally, I will look specifically at the newest issue and ask the question: has META lived up to its goals? Here, I can already reveal to you that the answer will be a resounding """Yes""." </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> have dedicated their time proving that each of their e-liquids is lovingly crafted in small batches to be some of the most delicious and complex on the Canadian market. Elders Word - This “crown jewel” in their dessert line is simultaneously the most complex and the most straightforward of their vapes. This is full-bodied, perfectly buttery, and flaky pastry blend with notes of peanut butter. Summer Paw - Each vape of Summer Paw starts with full-bodied citrus cream and finishes with a cooling, tropical exhale. Reminiscent of fresh sherbert and the cool multi notes of pineapple and mango. Winterstrike - Deep chocolate is easy to take in over and over again because, hey, it’s chocolate. But the best part is the invigorating mint undertone that creeps into the mouthfeel on every exhale. Beauty – A frothy milkshake blend of sweet creams with deep undertones of strawberry and banana. Flavour Up - Is like a fluffy donut dipped in hot cocoa or a freshly baked brownie with a cup of chocolate milk. Vape Pockee - Delicious ripe strawberries, milky pink cream that covers a tasty cookie biscuit stick. Dragon Grahams - A sweet and tart dragon fruit cream, blanketing a warm graham cracker sprinkled with brown sugar. Lemon Grahams - Sweet and sour lemon cream, blanketing a warm graham cracker sprinkled with brown sugar. Vape Pockee Blueberry - Delicious ripe blueberry cream, perfectly balanced with a tart acai reduction, covering a tasty cookie biscuit stick. </s>" <s> have dedicated their time proving that each of their e-liquids is lovingly crafted in small batches to be some of the most delicious and complex on the Canadian market. Elders Word - This “crown jewel” in their dessert line is simultaneously the most complex and the most straightforward of their vapes. This is full-bodied, perfectly buttery, and flaky pastry blend with notes of peanut butter. Summer Paw - Each vape of Summer Paw starts with full-bodied citrus cream and finishes with a cooling, tropical exhale. Reminiscent of fresh sherbert and the cool multi notes of pineapple and mango. Winterstrike - Deep chocolate is easy to take in over and over again because, hey, it’s chocolate. But the best part is the invigorating mint undertone that creeps into the mouthfeel on every exhale. Beauty – A frothy milkshake blend of sweet creams with deep undertones of strawberry and banana. Flavour Up - Is like a fluffy donut dipped in hot cocoa or a freshly baked brownie with a cup of chocolate milk. Vape Pockee - Delicious ripe strawberries, milky pink cream that covers a tasty cookie biscuit stick. Dragon Grahams - A sweet and tart dragon fruit cream, blanketing a warm graham cracker sprinkled with brown sugar. Lemon Grahams - Sweet and sour lemon cream, blanketing a warm graham cracker sprinkled with brown sugar. Vape Pockee Blueberry - Delicious ripe blueberry cream, perfectly balanced with a tart acai reduction, covering a tasty cookie biscuit stick. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Do you have days when you have to be at two different places at the same time, when 24 hours in a day never seems to be enough for the work you have or when you are haunted by the guilt of not being a good parent? Your kids are your world and you love them dearly but there is no denying that single fatherhood is a struggle. On one hand you have a career to manage and on the other you are expected to be there for your children and manage domestic duties – all single-handedly. Planning is hugely underrated. You think you can jump into the day, juggling all your tasks but by mid-day, you realize everything is going haywire. You have double-booked yourself and will now have to give that important PTA meeting a miss. Embarrassing, isn’t it? Why not plan your days and prioritize your tasks to manage time better? Effective planning gives structure to your day, letting you tackle urgent and important matters first. You begin your day knowing what you have to achieve and ensure you meet your goals by the end of it. Maintain a to-do list and tackle life, one day at a time. You often think how life would have been so much easier if you could share your workload with someone, don’t you? However, don’t let this thought make you upset. If you are grappling with too much, you should look at getting external help that can help you save time. For instance, if your teenager has to submit a ToK essay, why not seek assistance from a ToK essay writing service to get the required help? Similarly, if you have an official event to attend after work hours, get a babysitter to take care of your children till you are back. Outsourcing certain tasks does not make you a bad parent so don’t feel guilty. In fact, it is a smart choice to make in order to keep your sanity. If you are one of those who spends hours commuting, you will agree that it sure is a major waste of time. You can either whine about it or you can use this time to be more productive. Spend commute time completing tasks like making important phone calls, reading a book, making your to-do list for the day or even planning meals. It is also a good idea to close your eyes, listen to your favorite music and use this time to just relax after a tiring day. It is frustrating when you are running short of time and to make matters worse, you have meals to prepare as well! It is not always possible to cook for the family every night and spend time thinking about what needs to be cooked the next day. Instead of turning to unhealthy eating options, plan your meals in advance. On weekdays, you can stick to cooking simple recipes or better still, batch cook for the entire week on weekends if you are likely to have a busy week. You should also invest in smart kitchen devices like crock pots, blenders, coffee makers and more to save time in the kitchen. Apart from spending time with children and helping them with their homework, it is also your responsibility to instill important life skills in them like being more responsible, independent and accountable for their actions. A good way to make them more responsible is by involving them in household chores. Assign tasks to them such as keeping their rooms clean and tidying up after meals. Involving them in these simple chores goes a long way in making them independent in future and at the same time, you get some assistance with the chores too. There is no end to your work at office and you end up working around the clock. However, being a single parent, it is even more important to strike a work-life balance considering you have equal duties at home too. So, ensure you stick to sane working hours and not bring work home. When you are home, you should be mentally present – talk to your children about their day and spend quality time with them. This time with them forms a crucial part of their growing years and will never come back so cherish it while it lasts. Finally, through all this, it is also essential you take good care of your mental and physical health and devote time to doing things you like because there is no way you can excel at work and be a good parent if you are forever stressed and burnt out. </s>" <s> Do you have days when you have to be at two different places at the same time, when 24 hours in a day never seems to be enough for the work you have or when you are haunted by the guilt of not being a good parent? Your kids are your world and you love them dearly but there is no denying that single fatherhood is a struggle. On one hand you have a career to manage and on the other you are expected to be there for your children and manage domestic duties – all single-handedly. Planning is hugely underrated. You think you can jump into the day, juggling all your tasks but by mid-day, you realize everything is going haywire. You have double-booked yourself and will now have to give that important PTA meeting a miss. Embarrassing, isn’t it? Why not plan your days and prioritize your tasks to manage time better? Effective planning gives structure to your day, letting you tackle urgent and important matters first. You begin your day knowing what you have to achieve and ensure you meet your goals by the end of it. Maintain a to-do list and tackle life, one day at a time. You often think how life would have been so much easier if you could share your workload with someone, don’t you? However, don’t let this thought make you upset. If you are grappling with too much, you should look at getting external help that can help you save time. For instance, if your teenager has to submit a ToK essay, why not seek assistance from a ToK essay writing service to get the required help? Similarly, if you have an official event to attend after work hours, get a babysitter to take care of your children till you are back. Outsourcing certain tasks does not make you a bad parent so don’t feel guilty. In fact, it is a smart choice to make in order to keep your sanity. If you are one of those who spends hours commuting, you will agree that it sure is a major waste of time. You can either whine about it or you can use this time to be more productive. Spend commute time completing tasks like making important phone calls, reading a book, making your to-do list for the day or even planning meals. It is also a good idea to close your eyes, listen to your favorite music and use this time to just relax after a tiring day. It is frustrating when you are running short of time and to make matters worse, you have meals to prepare as well! It is not always possible to cook for the family every night and spend time thinking about what needs to be cooked the next day. Instead of turning to unhealthy eating options, plan your meals in advance. On weekdays, you can stick to cooking simple recipes or better still, batch cook for the entire week on weekends if you are likely to have a busy week. You should also invest in smart kitchen devices like crock pots, blenders, coffee makers and more to save time in the kitchen. Apart from spending time with children and helping them with their homework, it is also your responsibility to instill important life skills in them like being more responsible, independent and accountable for their actions. A good way to make them more responsible is by involving them in household chores. Assign tasks to them such as keeping their rooms clean and tidying up after meals. Involving them in these simple chores goes a long way in making them independent in future and at the same time, you get some assistance with the chores too. There is no end to your work at office and you end up working around the clock. However, being a single parent, it is even more important to strike a work-life balance considering you have equal duties at home too. So, ensure you stick to sane working hours and not bring work home. When you are home, you should be mentally present – talk to your children about their day and spend quality time with them. This time with them forms a crucial part of their growing years and will never come back so cherish it while it lasts. Finally, through all this, it is also essential you take good care of your mental and physical health and devote time to doing things you like because there is no way you can excel at work and be a good parent if you are forever stressed and burnt out. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Here at Sebring Design Build, we consider your project unique from your first phone call and immediately start aligning our design with your desires. We believe that you should be at the center of the conversation to help us get the details right, discuss your budget, and help us outline our proposed plan. Once you have clarity on the direction that we would take, we believe that you are then in the best place to decide whether we are the right company for you. Once you choose to move forward with us, we will make a plan with CAD software. If you want to have a custom design, we will meet with your architect or a firm that we use to design the details. You can rest assured that your project will be assigned to a project manager who will keep everything well managed and moving forward as planned. Your project will also be tracked online, so there is no room for any mistake. The exciting part starts when you get to pick features for your project. That means that you’ll choose from a variety of colors, tiles, fixtures, and other features needed to make your project uniquely yours. If you find it difficult to make some of those choices, our experts will guide you to make the best choice. We will also take care of all paperwork needed. Depending on the project, this can take anywhere from two weeks to two months. During this time, we will upload all the remodeling design details in our software so that you will be able to access it via our website. Regardless of the scale of the project, our professionals make sure you receive great value for the money. We make sure after the remodel of your home; the living space looks more functional and aesthetically appealing. In the last few years, we’ve taken care of a wide range of remodeling projects in Naperville, IL. Having a basement can be such a great opportunity, and it can also present some challenges. You are fortunate if you have a clean basement and a less complicated design that requires only a couple of days of hard work to be transformed into an inviting and enhanced space. However, many basements are neglected due to lack of maintenance, and they may need a complete remodeling design to become a vital living space; that’s where you can count on Sebring to excel as your real home remodeling professionals. We can transform your basement from a catchall for unwanted furniture and little used exercise equipment into an inviting beautiful space that adds value to your home, and becomes the hub of family activities. Your job is to find a purpose for it and guide us through the design. If you just want an extra room to chill, or if you want a wine cellar or gaming room, we can do that for you. Many people think of an empty basement as an opportunity to turn it into a game room...a perfect place to relax, unwind, and have fun. If that is your desire, you have to decide what type of game room that you want. It can contain just a simple billiard table, or you can also include vintage arcade game machines if you have room. There is even a possibility of furnishing your basement with latest gaming consoles. After we decide this, we will make plans for the overall design of the basement. Another request we get quite often is adding a bedroom. We can add a comfortable bedroom to your basement. Your guests can use it, or maybe your children would like more privacy as they grow older. The possibilities are endless. If you are into fitness, we can help you with that, too. Our home remodeling company can turn your basement into a well-equipped gym. Now you don’t have to plan your gym visits because all you need to do is go down to your basement to complete your daily workout. We can even offer you a chance to turn your dark and damp basement into a theater area. You just have to pick the right design, furniture and the size of the screen. We have many exciting designs to turn your basement into a real home theater. Some other ideas include: wet bars, wine cellars, spa bathrooms, etc. Whatever you imagine, we will make happen or we will discuss challenges and get agreement about changes or adjustments. Our team will be at your service! Our company offers a variety of other services as well. Besides basement remodeling, we can create the kitchen of your dreams. It doesn’t matter if you want a more basic renovation, or you want to start from scratch, Sebring has the means to deliver. The same goes for bathrooms; we can create a bathroom that will allow you to escape from your everyday troubles and where you can relax and refresh yourself. Besides these large home remodeling projects, we can assist you with small additions; from enlarging your dining room to creating a small nursery for your baby. Sebring is located in Naperville, Illinois and we are offer our clients a variety of home remodeling services, with many great options to customize and personalize your project. Our approach is based on a detailed plan of every part of the process. Kitchens, bathrooms and basements are our specialty. </s>" <s> Here at Sebring Design Build, we consider your project unique from your first phone call and immediately start aligning our design with your desires. We believe that you should be at the center of the conversation to help us get the details right, discuss your budget, and help us outline our proposed plan. Once you have clarity on the direction that we would take, we believe that you are then in the best place to decide whether we are the right company for you. Once you choose to move forward with us, we will make a plan with CAD software. If you want to have a custom design, we will meet with your architect or a firm that we use to design the details. You can rest assured that your project will be assigned to a project manager who will keep everything well managed and moving forward as planned. Your project will also be tracked online, so there is no room for any mistake. The exciting part starts when you get to pick features for your project. That means that you’ll choose from a variety of colors, tiles, fixtures, and other features needed to make your project uniquely yours. If you find it difficult to make some of those choices, our experts will guide you to make the best choice. We will also take care of all paperwork needed. Depending on the project, this can take anywhere from two weeks to two months. During this time, we will upload all the remodeling design details in our software so that you will be able to access it via our website. Regardless of the scale of the project, our professionals make sure you receive great value for the money. We make sure after the remodel of your home; the living space looks more functional and aesthetically appealing. In the last few years, we’ve taken care of a wide range of remodeling projects in Naperville, IL. Having a basement can be such a great opportunity, and it can also present some challenges. You are fortunate if you have a clean basement and a less complicated design that requires only a couple of days of hard work to be transformed into an inviting and enhanced space. However, many basements are neglected due to lack of maintenance, and they may need a complete remodeling design to become a vital living space; that’s where you can count on Sebring to excel as your real home remodeling professionals. We can transform your basement from a catchall for unwanted furniture and little used exercise equipment into an inviting beautiful space that adds value to your home, and becomes the hub of family activities. Your job is to find a purpose for it and guide us through the design. If you just want an extra room to chill, or if you want a wine cellar or gaming room, we can do that for you. Many people think of an empty basement as an opportunity to turn it into a game room...a perfect place to relax, unwind, and have fun. If that is your desire, you have to decide what type of game room that you want. It can contain just a simple billiard table, or you can also include vintage arcade game machines if you have room. There is even a possibility of furnishing your basement with latest gaming consoles. After we decide this, we will make plans for the overall design of the basement. Another request we get quite often is adding a bedroom. We can add a comfortable bedroom to your basement. Your guests can use it, or maybe your children would like more privacy as they grow older. The possibilities are endless. If you are into fitness, we can help you with that, too. Our home remodeling company can turn your basement into a well-equipped gym. Now you don’t have to plan your gym visits because all you need to do is go down to your basement to complete your daily workout. We can even offer you a chance to turn your dark and damp basement into a theater area. You just have to pick the right design, furniture and the size of the screen. We have many exciting designs to turn your basement into a real home theater. Some other ideas include: wet bars, wine cellars, spa bathrooms, etc. Whatever you imagine, we will make happen or we will discuss challenges and get agreement about changes or adjustments. Our team will be at your service! Our company offers a variety of other services as well. Besides basement remodeling, we can create the kitchen of your dreams. It doesn’t matter if you want a more basic renovation, or you want to start from scratch, Sebring has the means to deliver. The same goes for bathrooms; we can create a bathroom that will allow you to escape from your everyday troubles and where you can relax and refresh yourself. Besides these large home remodeling projects, we can assist you with small additions; from enlarging your dining room to creating a small nursery for your baby. Sebring is located in Naperville, Illinois and we are offer our clients a variety of home remodeling services, with many great options to customize and personalize your project. Our approach is based on a detailed plan of every part of the process. Kitchens, bathrooms and basements are our specialty. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Table/desk lamp providing diffused light. Diffuser consisting of an externally acidetched, hand blown, flashed opaline glass and a die-cast aluminum threaded ring nut with alodine plating finish. 30% fiberglass reinforced injection-molded polyamide base. Gray painted, die-cast aluminum diffuser support. </s>" <s> Table/desk lamp providing diffused light. Diffuser consisting of an externally acidetched, hand blown, flashed opaline glass and a die-cast aluminum threaded ring nut with alodine plating finish. 30% fiberglass reinforced injection-molded polyamide base. Gray painted, die-cast aluminum diffuser support. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Brand new for 2018, Bauer has continued their revolutionary line and brought out the new Bauer Supreme 2S Pro Senior Goalie Blocker. The 2S blocker will feature tweaks in the build process, construction and overall durability to make the Supreme line of equipment better than before. Click the button below to add the Bauer Supreme 2S Pro Senior Goalie Blocker to your wish list. </s>" <s> Brand new for 2018, Bauer has continued their revolutionary line and brought out the new Bauer Supreme 2S Pro Senior Goalie Blocker. The 2S blocker will feature tweaks in the build process, construction and overall durability to make the Supreme line of equipment better than before. Click the button below to add the Bauer Supreme 2S Pro Senior Goalie Blocker to your wish list. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> This week on Tory Daily, we’re seeing double — again and again. But no one does double vision quite like Canadian artist Alex Garant, whose portraiture plays with elements of symmetry and the surreal... to intoxicating effect. Just check out the slideshow above. Garant talks to us about her art and process here. I’m randomly letting my mind wander, sometimes in the middle of the night, sometimes while I shower, or sometimes when I walk the dogs. Rarely while staring at a blank canvas for hours in the art studio. They come from so many places. There are some types of images I am attracted to, such as early ink printing, vintage pop surrealism, baroque tapestries and retro kitsch. I have also always been obsessed by the raw imagery of Francis Bacon. I want people to view my art and access a different part of their mind while looking at it. I want people to enter a process of analyzing and visual questioning. I do not want to just paint “something pretty” — it needs to be more than that. It has been suggested that human beings are not awake until wakefulness occurs via over-stimulation of the senses and full activation of the mind. A recurring brain state of consciousness in which an individual is conscious and engaged. I try to initiate reactive responses to the external visual stimuli offered through the superposition of figurative elements and vivid colours. I was always fascinated by patterns and symmetry. I first experienced such imagery while in art school in 2000. Anything that makes the eyes travel over an image repeatedly. As I played with duplication of elements, I found the vibrating effect created by overlaying images so positively stimulating. Some elements naturally come back when you are exploring mediums and concepts; instinctive creative decisions will always lead the overall process, which leads to an artist’s “style.” It took me years to be able to perfect the idea. Meticulously calculating and carefully planing a new image is still my favorite part of the process. My focus is always the eyes and face. This is how the message is communicated with the viewer. I also like to think that portraiture is a way to immortalize humans in space and time. If you look at portraits from 500 years ago, 100 years ago or five years ago, it will give you significant clues on the potential story of the subject. Portraiture is basically a visual thesis on the human condition seen through the vision of its maker. My dear muses. I often use specific models who have become my muses by now. That said, some of the colors, patterns and expressions I choose to represent truly express a specific emotional phase of my life regardless of who is literally portrayed. Creating is a very personal experience and I believe each piece can be seen as a type of self portraiture. Often it is important to keep working and sketching. Most of the work made during an artist block will end up in the garbage, but it pushes you to keep working and overcome it. Sometimes I feel it is liberating to experiment in another medium just for fun as well. BUT, my best remedy is something completely non-art related: the gym. I love lifting weights. I hit the gym for an hour at least five times a week. It’s how I meditate. Art supplies. I have been known to hoard way too much paint, brushes and canvases. Make me one intense, overachieving weirdo. Half of me is a laid-back, going-with-the-flow, smell-the-flowers, head-in-the-clouds space cadet and the other side is an overly driven marketing-specialist over-achiever. I like to schedule my art time in between the madness; I basically make time to relax and be creative. It’s all about balanced excessiveness. Commit to everything. Be stubborn about what you want to do. Balance will happen on its own. Kinda. I’m still working on this, hahaha. Aries. But I don’t believe in astrology. I don’t like the idea of something or someone dictating who I am or who should be. I don’t like the idea of a destiny I would not have control over. </s>" <s> This week on Tory Daily, we’re seeing double — again and again. But no one does double vision quite like Canadian artist Alex Garant, whose portraiture plays with elements of symmetry and the surreal... to intoxicating effect. Just check out the slideshow above. Garant talks to us about her art and process here. I’m randomly letting my mind wander, sometimes in the middle of the night, sometimes while I shower, or sometimes when I walk the dogs. Rarely while staring at a blank canvas for hours in the art studio. They come from so many places. There are some types of images I am attracted to, such as early ink printing, vintage pop surrealism, baroque tapestries and retro kitsch. I have also always been obsessed by the raw imagery of Francis Bacon. I want people to view my art and access a different part of their mind while looking at it. I want people to enter a process of analyzing and visual questioning. I do not want to just paint “something pretty” — it needs to be more than that. It has been suggested that human beings are not awake until wakefulness occurs via over-stimulation of the senses and full activation of the mind. A recurring brain state of consciousness in which an individual is conscious and engaged. I try to initiate reactive responses to the external visual stimuli offered through the superposition of figurative elements and vivid colours. I was always fascinated by patterns and symmetry. I first experienced such imagery while in art school in 2000. Anything that makes the eyes travel over an image repeatedly. As I played with duplication of elements, I found the vibrating effect created by overlaying images so positively stimulating. Some elements naturally come back when you are exploring mediums and concepts; instinctive creative decisions will always lead the overall process, which leads to an artist’s “style.” It took me years to be able to perfect the idea. Meticulously calculating and carefully planing a new image is still my favorite part of the process. My focus is always the eyes and face. This is how the message is communicated with the viewer. I also like to think that portraiture is a way to immortalize humans in space and time. If you look at portraits from 500 years ago, 100 years ago or five years ago, it will give you significant clues on the potential story of the subject. Portraiture is basically a visual thesis on the human condition seen through the vision of its maker. My dear muses. I often use specific models who have become my muses by now. That said, some of the colors, patterns and expressions I choose to represent truly express a specific emotional phase of my life regardless of who is literally portrayed. Creating is a very personal experience and I believe each piece can be seen as a type of self portraiture. Often it is important to keep working and sketching. Most of the work made during an artist block will end up in the garbage, but it pushes you to keep working and overcome it. Sometimes I feel it is liberating to experiment in another medium just for fun as well. BUT, my best remedy is something completely non-art related: the gym. I love lifting weights. I hit the gym for an hour at least five times a week. It’s how I meditate. Art supplies. I have been known to hoard way too much paint, brushes and canvases. Make me one intense, overachieving weirdo. Half of me is a laid-back, going-with-the-flow, smell-the-flowers, head-in-the-clouds space cadet and the other side is an overly driven marketing-specialist over-achiever. I like to schedule my art time in between the madness; I basically make time to relax and be creative. It’s all about balanced excessiveness. Commit to everything. Be stubborn about what you want to do. Balance will happen on its own. Kinda. I’m still working on this, hahaha. Aries. But I don’t believe in astrology. I don’t like the idea of something or someone dictating who I am or who should be. I don’t like the idea of a destiny I would not have control over. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Approximately 5 acres avocado grove available in a great area! 2 folios for sale. Property includes tool shed and has irrigation. </s>" <s> Approximately 5 acres avocado grove available in a great area! 2 folios for sale. Property includes tool shed and has irrigation. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2019-04-20 22:58:56 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product. We are delighted to present the brilliant Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds. With so many available these days, it is great to have a make you can trust. The Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds is certainly that and will be a great acquisition. For this reduced price, the Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds comes widely recommended and is a regular choice amongst lots of people. Pixel Party Designs have provided some excellent touches and this results in good value for money. Kids will have a blast with these awesome punch balloons at your next Miner-themed party! This set of 8 high quality, Pixel Party Designs 16"" punch balloons feature four different fun pixel designs for the serious miner in your family! Four Fun Pixel Designs Included! Each set comes with two (2) blue pixel cloud punching balloons, two (2) red TNT punching balloons, two (2) white ghost balloons, and two (2) green zombie monster punching balloons! Having fun before AND after the party! These punch balloons will last for weeks, at least. After the kids enjoy them at the party, they can bring them home as birthday party favors and enjoy them long after the party is over! Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed with Pixel Party Designs! If you're not completely satisfied, let us know or simply return the product for a full refund. Our goal is your 100% satisfaction and we strive to offer exceptional customer service so don't hesitate to contact us with any concerns or problems. We at Pixel Party Designs care deeply about kids, and want to help brighten not just their day but also their lives, no matter where they're from or what hardship they have endured. That's why we donate 5% of the profit from each sale to Save the Children, a very efficient non-profit that focuses on the well-being of kids in the U.S. and around the globe. This donation helps provide children with the necessities for a healthy and successful start to their life - nutrition, early childhood and adolescent development, education and school health. Not only that, it also lifts entire communities. Save the Children's programs reach children's parents, caregivers and community members. You can feel good knowing that while you party, you are helping save children's lives, protect them from exploitation and provide them with hope for the future. Each set includes eight (8) 16-inch high quality punch balloons from Pixel Party Designs (TM) 8 punch balloons including 2 blue pixel clouds, 2 white pixel ghost, 2 green pixel zombie monster and 2 red TNT style These pixel punch balloons from Pixel Party Designs are sure to please any pixel miner fan out there, and last far beyond the end of the party! We ship same-day to make sure you get your punching balloons delivered on time for the party! DO GOOD WHILE YOU PARTY: 5% of this product's profit is donated to Save the Children, a very efficient non-profit that helps to bring critically-needed medicine to sick kids, and also helps to reunite children with their parents after disasters both in the U.S. and abroad. </s>" <s> Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2019-04-20 22:58:56 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product. We are delighted to present the brilliant Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds. With so many available these days, it is great to have a make you can trust. The Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds is certainly that and will be a great acquisition. For this reduced price, the Punch Balloons - Pixel Miner Style Kid's 16-inch (8-Pack) - Includes Green Zombie, White Skeleton, Red TNT, Blue Pixel Clouds comes widely recommended and is a regular choice amongst lots of people. Pixel Party Designs have provided some excellent touches and this results in good value for money. Kids will have a blast with these awesome punch balloons at your next Miner-themed party! This set of 8 high quality, Pixel Party Designs "16""" punch balloons feature four different fun pixel designs for the serious miner in your family! Four Fun Pixel Designs Included! Each set comes with two (2) blue pixel cloud punching balloons, two (2) red TNT punching balloons, two (2) white ghost balloons, and two (2) green zombie monster punching balloons! Having fun before AND after the party! These punch balloons will last for weeks, at least. After the kids enjoy them at the party, they can bring them home as birthday party favors and enjoy them long after the party is over! Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed with Pixel Party Designs! If you're not completely satisfied, let us know or simply return the product for a full refund. Our goal is your 100% satisfaction and we strive to offer exceptional customer service so don't hesitate to contact us with any concerns or problems. We at Pixel Party Designs care deeply about kids, and want to help brighten not just their day but also their lives, no matter where they're from or what hardship they have endured. That's why we donate 5% of the profit from each sale to Save the Children, a very efficient non-profit that focuses on the well-being of kids in the U.S. and around the globe. This donation helps provide children with the necessities for a healthy and successful start to their life - nutrition, early childhood and adolescent development, education and school health. Not only that, it also lifts entire communities. Save the Children's programs reach children's parents, caregivers and community members. You can feel good knowing that while you party, you are helping save children's lives, protect them from exploitation and provide them with hope for the future. Each set includes eight (8) 16-inch high quality punch balloons from Pixel Party Designs (TM) 8 punch balloons including 2 blue pixel clouds, 2 white pixel ghost, 2 green pixel zombie monster and 2 red TNT style These pixel punch balloons from Pixel Party Designs are sure to please any pixel miner fan out there, and last far beyond the end of the party! We ship same-day to make sure you get your punching balloons delivered on time for the party! DO GOOD WHILE YOU PARTY: 5% of this product's profit is donated to Save the Children, a very efficient non-profit that helps to bring critically-needed medicine to sick kids, and also helps to reunite children with their parents after disasters both in the U.S. and abroad. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> This entry was posted on October 26, 2015 at 6:09 pm and is filed under Z đến A, Đời sống quanh ta. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. </s>" <s> This entry was posted on October 26, 2015 at 6:09 pm and is filed under Z đến A, Đời sống quanh ta. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> The CyberSource payment gateway is now available for WooCommerce. Recently FoxRunSoftware released two CyberSource payment gateway plugins for accepting credit card payments on your WooCommerce storefront, and which described below. The CyberSource SOAP payment gateway is a “direct” or “server-to-server” implementation which uses the CyberSource SOAP protocol to provide the most seamless checkout process possible for accepting credit cards. Though customer credit card data is not stored on your server, it is handled by your server with this plugin, meaning that an SSL certificate is required. You can see more details about this plugin, as well as purchase it at the WooCommerce CyberSource Payment Gateway page. The CyberSource SOP gateway provides a slightly different implementation for accepting credit card payments. Silent Order Post provides a good tradeoff between integration and security: the payment form is still hosted on your server, however it is posted directly to CyberSource’s secure processing servers, meaning customer credit card information is never handled by your server, the customer does not appear to leave your site, and complex PCI requirements are reduced. An SSL certificate is still required to keep your customer’s payment details safe. You can see more details about this plugin, as well as purchase it at the WooCommerce CyberSource SOP Payment Gateway page. </s>" <s> The CyberSource payment gateway is now available for WooCommerce. Recently FoxRunSoftware released two CyberSource payment gateway plugins for accepting credit card payments on your WooCommerce storefront, and which described below. The CyberSource SOAP payment gateway is a “direct” or “server-to-server” implementation which uses the CyberSource SOAP protocol to provide the most seamless checkout process possible for accepting credit cards. Though customer credit card data is not stored on your server, it is handled by your server with this plugin, meaning that an SSL certificate is required. You can see more details about this plugin, as well as purchase it at the WooCommerce CyberSource Payment Gateway page. The CyberSource SOP gateway provides a slightly different implementation for accepting credit card payments. Silent Order Post provides a good tradeoff between integration and security: the payment form is still hosted on your server, however it is posted directly to CyberSource’s secure processing servers, meaning customer credit card information is never handled by your server, the customer does not appear to leave your site, and complex PCI requirements are reduced. An SSL certificate is still required to keep your customer’s payment details safe. You can see more details about this plugin, as well as purchase it at the WooCommerce CyberSource SOP Payment Gateway page. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Career Henan Chemical Co 1YR Main product: Career Henan Chemical Co, facing global High-tech pharmaceutical raw materials, high complex new type intermediates, fine chemicals custom synthesis, scale-up production and Rare chemicals trade. Product/Service: Career Henan Chemical Co, facing global High-tech pharmaceutical raw materials, high complex new type intermediates, fine chemicals custom synthesis, scale-up production and Rare chemicals trade. Career Henan Chemical Co, based on the original Zhengzhou Cote Chemical Research Institute, be brave in absorbing highly educated talents & overseas returnees; actively responded to Zhengzhou City High-tech Zone Government’s Special Care Policy, reorganized and founded in National University of Science and Technology Park, which is a high-tech, stock enterprise of high-end chemical Custom synthesis;The park was created by the People's Government of Henan Province, and proved by Ministry of Education and the National Science & Technology, taking the construction mode of ""many college a park, and common development"", mainly depends on Zhengzhou University and Henan University’s scientific research and talent advantage to set up Universities, scientific research institute and enterprise scientific research achievements transformation platform, to make high-tech enterprises incubate, is the new high-tech talent gathering base, high and new technology industry enterprise radiation base, colleges and universities technological innovation base. </s>" <s> Career Henan Chemical Co 1YR Main product: Career Henan Chemical Co, facing global High-tech pharmaceutical raw materials, high complex new type intermediates, fine chemicals custom synthesis, scale-up production and Rare chemicals trade. Product/Service: Career Henan Chemical Co, facing global High-tech pharmaceutical raw materials, high complex new type intermediates, fine chemicals custom synthesis, scale-up production and Rare chemicals trade. Career Henan Chemical Co, based on the original Zhengzhou Cote Chemical Research Institute, be brave in absorbing highly educated talents & overseas returnees; actively responded to Zhengzhou City High-tech Zone Government’s Special Care Policy, reorganized and founded in National University of Science and Technology Park, which is a high-tech, stock enterprise of high-end chemical Custom synthesis;The park was created by the People's Government of Henan Province, and proved by Ministry of Education and the National Science & Technology, taking the construction mode of """many" college a park, and common "development""," mainly depends on Zhengzhou University and Henan University’s scientific research and talent advantage to set up Universities, scientific research institute and enterprise scientific research achievements transformation platform, to make high-tech enterprises incubate, is the new high-tech talent gathering base, high and new technology industry enterprise radiation base, colleges and universities technological innovation base. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> This is a poem written circa 2004 about the desire to make a living by one’s own art and not to compromise. Needless to say, I failed living up to it. from my shoulder by some kindly axe-wielding passerby. And then of course, I’d have to buy a new accordion. But how sweet it could be! for the occasional scrap of a dollar. as they squeeze the life out of the box. And then there would be the policeman. “Do you have a license to perform?” he would ask. “Does one need a license to live and die?” I would reply. That’s all there really is to it, right? </s>" <s> This is a poem written circa 2004 about the desire to make a living by one’s own art and not to compromise. Needless to say, I failed living up to it. from my shoulder by some kindly axe-wielding passerby. And then of course, I’d have to buy a new accordion. But how sweet it could be! for the occasional scrap of a dollar. as they squeeze the life out of the box. And then there would be the policeman. “Do you have a license to perform?” he would ask. “Does one need a license to live and die?” I would reply. That’s all there really is to it, right? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word switches. Switches were an English indie rock band, consisting of members Matt Bishop, Ollie Thomas, Thom Kirkpatrick and Steve Godfrey. Plural noun and verb form of the word switch. The switches on the machinery were built to be pressed rather than turned. Song lyrics by switches -- Explore a large variety of song lyrics performed by switches on the Lyrics.com website. An Americanism for ladies’ hair curlers, fringes, and other hirsute appendages. Technology exists to prevent these spills and nothing is being done, better pipelines, flow meters, cutoff switches, more inspectors — something has got to be done. Hidden 'backdoors' to our networks in routers, switches, and other network equipment can allow hostile foreign powers to inject viruses and other malware, steal Americans' private data, spy on U.S. businesses, and more. Better pipelines, flow meters, cutoff switches, more inspectors — something has got to be done. until we start holding companies fully accountable with penalties, I don't think we're going to change this whole situation we have in North Dakota. If a pet or child was playing underneath the lift, you've got a safety bottom with micro-switches all over that safety bottom. So as soon as it comes in contact with any obstruction, it will immediately stop. And you have about 20 millimeters of pinch-point - so there's no mild crushing at all, it is very, very sensitive. ""switches."" Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2019. Web. 18 Apr. 2019. <https://www.definitions.net/definition/switches>. </s>" <s> Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word switches. Switches were an English indie rock band, consisting of members Matt Bishop, Ollie Thomas, Thom Kirkpatrick and Steve Godfrey. Plural noun and verb form of the word switch. The switches on the machinery were built to be pressed rather than turned. Song lyrics by switches -- Explore a large variety of song lyrics performed by switches on the Lyrics.com website. An Americanism for ladies’ hair curlers, fringes, and other hirsute appendages. Technology exists to prevent these spills and nothing is being done, better pipelines, flow meters, cutoff switches, more inspectors — something has got to be done. Hidden 'backdoors' to our networks in routers, switches, and other network equipment can allow hostile foreign powers to inject viruses and other malware, steal Americans' private data, spy on U.S. businesses, and more. Better pipelines, flow meters, cutoff switches, more inspectors — something has got to be done. until we start holding companies fully accountable with penalties, I don't think we're going to change this whole situation we have in North Dakota. If a pet or child was playing underneath the lift, you've got a safety bottom with micro-switches all over that safety bottom. So as soon as it comes in contact with any obstruction, it will immediately stop. And you have about 20 millimeters of pinch-point - so there's no mild crushing at all, it is very, very sensitive. """switches.""" Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2019. Web. 18 Apr. 2019. <https://www.definitions.net/definition/switches>. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Through live laptop conferencing, citizens are ready for you to monitor data along with facts if they become it. Deciding where to keep of which data files can be any frightening obstacle. You will also bring your data and electricity plugs which means you is going to discover that it can be straightforward in the true substitute. Sooner or simply later within your institution’s improvement, you’ll require to publish sensitive information with shareholders and economic professionals with a data room or space. Repeatedly the root on-line records living space stipulates your variety of health benefits. The actual hottest digital camera computer information room properties ensure it all is prospective to make use of quite possibly the most excellent advantages for the main abundance regarding your provider and produce the foremost connected with them more accurately than ever in your life before. Immediately after manually replacing tags in addition to entering pc software info, your personal software is really as easy as a cataloging method, very very similar to what you may might explore in your stockpile. The particular program can really help in opening the info in the quite a few departments. Thus, leading up to creating your personal casual decision you need in order to be aware what people need via the digital camera data place program. Even in cases where the bedroom is currently being spotted just simply for inner purposes similar to management of cooperation concerning several squads, it is actually very important to be able to the exact actions with workers. The internet information and facts room is actually guarded just by security techniques that will certainly could be the manufactured apparent while inside arrangement. Even though electronic information and facts spaces furnish a number of extraordinary gains, they have absolutely not well suited for every unique business. Eventhough virtual records rooms supply you with many strengths, it is actually certainly certainly not right each sole organization. In which inturn scenarios, the exact precise digital files space in your own house assessment will in all likelihood be truly advantageous. Whenever you open your company’s room with regard to due diligent process it shouldn’t imply that the woking platform stops working the rest connected with it has the performs. People require any clean place and some good deal about working experience in order to get almost any prospect associated with a successful benefits here. Some most people quite possibly believe that the suitable room is often a costly pleasure. While virtual facts suites give a lot of positive reasons, is actually normally in no way befitting every single simple party. For identical time frame, the particular electronic spaces will be extremely secure for all staff along with spouses, considering that its usage does not need a sophisticated learning surgery. The most effective, the very best plus secure suggests to take action is in order to open up some sort of digital files room. Are just looking for deal space, due diligence spot, or possibly data files living room can provide you most of of the exact attributes of the storage ability while not having to mortgages the actual area and also yourself put together the particular records. The outcome room can make it rather easy to talk about essential info. Throughout reality, any on-line information room is actually significantly even more reasonable along with effective compared to classic tactics associated with alternate. It is a great method to deal with business slightly. A acquire data place permits a person to guard the facts anytime expressing it again together with individuals that need it. Risk-free data places supply the very advantage relating to unveiling the broad information together with safe-keeping together transmission. They supply the edge of expression the info and even memory space and transmitted. The fact is, everyone should set up a data living space, such seeing that Dropbox. Look over more: . </s>" <s> Through live laptop conferencing, citizens are ready for you to monitor data along with facts if they become it. Deciding where to keep of which data files can be any frightening obstacle. You will also bring your data and electricity plugs which means you is going to discover that it can be straightforward in the true substitute. Sooner or simply later within your institution’s improvement, you’ll require to publish sensitive information with shareholders and economic professionals with a data room or space. Repeatedly the root on-line records living space stipulates your variety of health benefits. The actual hottest digital camera computer information room properties ensure it all is prospective to make use of quite possibly the most excellent advantages for the main abundance regarding your provider and produce the foremost connected with them more accurately than ever in your life before. Immediately after manually replacing tags in addition to entering pc software info, your personal software is really as easy as a cataloging method, very very similar to what you may might explore in your stockpile. The particular program can really help in opening the info in the quite a few departments. Thus, leading up to creating your personal casual decision you need in order to be aware what people need via the digital camera data place program. Even in cases where the bedroom is currently being spotted just simply for inner purposes similar to management of cooperation concerning several squads, it is actually very important to be able to the exact actions with workers. The internet information and facts room is actually guarded just by security techniques that will certainly could be the manufactured apparent while inside arrangement. Even though electronic information and facts spaces furnish a number of extraordinary gains, they have absolutely not well suited for every unique business. Eventhough virtual records rooms supply you with many strengths, it is actually certainly certainly not right each sole organization. In which inturn scenarios, the exact precise digital files space in your own house assessment will in all likelihood be truly advantageous. Whenever you open your company’s room with regard to due diligent process it shouldn’t imply that the woking platform stops working the rest connected with it has the performs. People require any clean place and some good deal about working experience in order to get almost any prospect associated with a successful benefits here. Some most people quite possibly believe that the suitable room is often a costly pleasure. While virtual facts suites give a lot of positive reasons, is actually normally in no way befitting every single simple party. For identical time frame, the particular electronic spaces will be extremely secure for all staff along with spouses, considering that its usage does not need a sophisticated learning surgery. The most effective, the very best plus secure suggests to take action is in order to open up some sort of digital files room. Are just looking for deal space, due diligence spot, or possibly data files living room can provide you most of of the exact attributes of the storage ability while not having to mortgages the actual area and also yourself put together the particular records. The outcome room can make it rather easy to talk about essential info. Throughout reality, any on-line information room is actually significantly even more reasonable along with effective compared to classic tactics associated with alternate. It is a great method to deal with business slightly. A acquire data place permits a person to guard the facts anytime expressing it again together with individuals that need it. Risk-free data places supply the very advantage relating to unveiling the broad information together with safe-keeping together transmission. They supply the edge of expression the info and even memory space and transmitted. The fact is, everyone should set up a data living space, such seeing that Dropbox. Look over more: . </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> OAK RIDGE – The Department of Energy’s Exascale Computing Project (ECP) today announced the selection of 35 software development proposals representing 25 research and academic organizations. The awards for the first year of funding total $34 million and cover many components of the software stack for exascale systems, including programming models and runtime libraries, mathematical libraries and frameworks, tools, lower-level system software, data management and I/O, as well as in situ visualization and data analysis. Exascale refers to computing systems at least 50 times faster than the nation’s most powerful supercomputers in use today. Enhancing and Hardening the Legion Programming System for the Exascale Computing Project, Galen Shipman, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) with ANL, Stanford Univ. Distributed Tasking for Exascale, Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Open MPI for Exascale (OMPI-X), David Bernholdt, ORNL with LANL, LLNL, SNL, Univ. of Tenn. EXA-PAPI: The Exascale Performance Application Programming Interface, Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Exascale Code Generation Toolkit, Dan Quinlan, LLNL with PNNL, Ohio State Univ., Colorado State Univ. Software for Linear Algebra Targeting at Exascale (SLATE), Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Production-ready, Exascale-Enabled, Krylov Solvers (PEEKS) for Exascale Computing, Mike Heroux, SNL with Univ. of Tenn. Enabling Time Integrators for Exascale Through SUNDIALS, Carol Woodward, LLNL with Southern Methodist Univ. Preparing PETSc/TAO for Exascale, Barry Smith, ANL with Univ. of Colorado, Rice Univ. The ADIOS framework for Scientific Data on exascale systems, Scott Klasky, ORNL with LBNL, Kitware, Rutgers Univ. Data Libraries and Services Enabling Exascale Science, Rob Ross, ANL with LANL, Northwestern Univ. The ECP is a collaborative effort of two DOE organizations—the Office of Science and the National Nuclear Security Administration. As part of President Obama’s National Strategic Computing initiative, ECP was established to develop a capable exascale ecosystem, encompassing applications, system software, hardware technologies and architectures, and workforce development to meet the scientific and national security mission needs of DOE in the early-2020s time frame. DOE’s Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit https://science.energy.gov/. </s>" <s> OAK RIDGE – The Department of Energy’s Exascale Computing Project (ECP) today announced the selection of 35 software development proposals representing 25 research and academic organizations. The awards for the first year of funding total $34 million and cover many components of the software stack for exascale systems, including programming models and runtime libraries, mathematical libraries and frameworks, tools, lower-level system software, data management and I/O, as well as in situ visualization and data analysis. Exascale refers to computing systems at least 50 times faster than the nation’s most powerful supercomputers in use today. Enhancing and Hardening the Legion Programming System for the Exascale Computing Project, Galen Shipman, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) with ANL, Stanford Univ. Distributed Tasking for Exascale, Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Open MPI for Exascale (OMPI-X), David Bernholdt, ORNL with LANL, LLNL, SNL, Univ. of Tenn. EXA-PAPI: The Exascale Performance Application Programming Interface, Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Exascale Code Generation Toolkit, Dan Quinlan, LLNL with PNNL, Ohio State Univ., Colorado State Univ. Software for Linear Algebra Targeting at Exascale (SLATE), Jack Dongarra, Univ. of Tenn. Production-ready, Exascale-Enabled, Krylov Solvers (PEEKS) for Exascale Computing, Mike Heroux, SNL with Univ. of Tenn. Enabling Time Integrators for Exascale Through SUNDIALS, Carol Woodward, LLNL with Southern Methodist Univ. Preparing PETSc/TAO for Exascale, Barry Smith, ANL with Univ. of Colorado, Rice Univ. The ADIOS framework for Scientific Data on exascale systems, Scott Klasky, ORNL with LBNL, Kitware, Rutgers Univ. Data Libraries and Services Enabling Exascale Science, Rob Ross, ANL with LANL, Northwestern Univ. The ECP is a collaborative effort of two DOE organizations—the Office of Science and the National Nuclear Security Administration. As part of President Obama’s National Strategic Computing initiative, ECP was established to develop a capable exascale ecosystem, encompassing applications, system software, hardware technologies and architectures, and workforce development to meet the scientific and national security mission needs of DOE in the early-2020s time frame. DOE’s Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit https://science.energy.gov/. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Applications for the 2019-21 Fellowship are now closed. Sign up for the 2020-22 Fellowship! We believe that our Fellows are going to be leaders of the movement towards educational equity. Aside from passion and commitment to the vision of educational equity, we look for leadership potential that can develop through the two year Fellowship. Our Fellows are critical thinkers and problem solvers. They have grit, courage and set high expectations for themselves and for others. They demonstrate interpersonal skills through their interactions with various stakeholders. We look for diversity in our Fellowship cohort, and our Fellows come from across the country, with varied levels of professional experience - college students, working youth, experienced professionals, and entrepreneurs. Our 2015-2016 cohort have come from 266 colleges and 428 different companies. Applications for the 2019-2021 Fellowship are now closed. Click on the SIGNUP button to sign up for the 2020-2022 Fellowship. If you have any questions about the Fellowship or the application process please email apply@teachforindia.org and our recruitment team will be in touch with you. The application form is an opportunity for us to get to know you. It can be as detailed as you want it to be. Through the application, we will understand why you want to join Teach For India and why you would be a strong fit for the Fellowship. Once you submit your application you will receive a link to a one-hour online test (AMCAT) which focuses on English language and decision making skills. This must be completed within 4 days from the date you submit your application form. Your application will not be complete until you complete the test. If successful in your application, you will be invited to the final stage of our selection process - an in-person Assessment Centre. Here, you will teach a 5-minute lesson, take part in a group discussion and complete a short problem-solving activity. You will also have an hour-long personal interview with one of our staff members. If you are based abroad and cannot attend one of our in-person Assessment Centres, we will conduct your interview and relevant activities over Skype. Applications for the 2019 Teach For India Fellowship are now open! Have Questions? Get Them Answered! </s>" <s> Applications for the 2019-21 Fellowship are now closed. Sign up for the 2020-22 Fellowship! We believe that our Fellows are going to be leaders of the movement towards educational equity. Aside from passion and commitment to the vision of educational equity, we look for leadership potential that can develop through the two year Fellowship. Our Fellows are critical thinkers and problem solvers. They have grit, courage and set high expectations for themselves and for others. They demonstrate interpersonal skills through their interactions with various stakeholders. We look for diversity in our Fellowship cohort, and our Fellows come from across the country, with varied levels of professional experience - college students, working youth, experienced professionals, and entrepreneurs. Our 2015-2016 cohort have come from 266 colleges and 428 different companies. Applications for the 2019-2021 Fellowship are now closed. Click on the SIGNUP button to sign up for the 2020-2022 Fellowship. If you have any questions about the Fellowship or the application process please email apply@teachforindia.org and our recruitment team will be in touch with you. The application form is an opportunity for us to get to know you. It can be as detailed as you want it to be. Through the application, we will understand why you want to join Teach For India and why you would be a strong fit for the Fellowship. Once you submit your application you will receive a link to a one-hour online test (AMCAT) which focuses on English language and decision making skills. This must be completed within 4 days from the date you submit your application form. Your application will not be complete until you complete the test. If successful in your application, you will be invited to the final stage of our selection process - an in-person Assessment Centre. Here, you will teach a 5-minute lesson, take part in a group discussion and complete a short problem-solving activity. You will also have an hour-long personal interview with one of our staff members. If you are based abroad and cannot attend one of our in-person Assessment Centres, we will conduct your interview and relevant activities over Skype. Applications for the 2019 Teach For India Fellowship are now open! Have Questions? Get Them Answered! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> There are those of us who spent more than a few hours (and perhaps even days) sitting at the bar at the original Ragin’ Cajun on Pier Avenue in Hermosa Beach (now home to The Rockefeller), drinking a cold Dixie, eating some gumbalaya and contemplating the hot sauces that clustered like a miniature skyline on every table. There was Zydeco music in the air, the menus were hand-written on brown paper bags, and the waitresses were friendly as pie, and just as sweet. It was a really great place. Then, after a contretemps with the landlord, it was sent into the Cajun version of a Babylonian Exile, with a Ragin’ Cajun food truck playing its wares on the streets of the South Bay. There was a relentless stream of rumors about the imminent reappearance of a brick-and-mortar Ragin’ Cajun — a restaurant that, like old Lazarus, would rise from the dead. The quirkiest (and most often heard) rumor had the Ragin’ Cajun being born again in the sprawling Plaza El Segundo on Sepulveda just north of Rosecrans, a well-polished setting that seemed antithetical to the eminent funk of the Ragin’ Cajun. Perhaps it will yet rise in the center somewhere near the Veggie Grill. But right now, the Ragin’ Cajun lives again inside an affably shabby music venue called Suzy’s Bar & Grill in the comfortably rundown shopping center at the corner of Aviation and Prospect. It’s a setting that would work in the Big Easy, where bending an elbow while running with the music and chewing on a po’ boy is a way of life. This isn’t quite the old Ragin’ Cajun — heck, nothing could be — but the crowd feels about right. This is not a room of financial advisers checking their iPhones. This is a space dedicated to folks who have been in the South Bay since the Ragin’ Cajun was the best place to eat for miles around. These are people who like to hang. You can eat at the bar, you can eat at a number of four-tops, you can eat at some long tables where the crowd gets affable and there’s much talk about the relative merits of the hot sauces. These days, they come in bottles with the Ragin’ Cajun logo on them. These are house sauces, ranging from the expected to the, well, locally flavored. There’s Hot, Garlic and Pepper, along with Chipotle and Raspberry Chipotle. I suspect the first three would be recognizable on Bourbon Street; the last two might raise eyebrows. There’s a somewhat simpler lunch menu at the Suzy’s edition of the Ragin’ Cajun that include grilled po’boys (chicken or a burger), fried po’boys (chicken, catfish, crawfish, oysters and shrimp — which is more like it!), combo plates of rice and beans and gumbalaya. Try the crawfish etoufee if you’re livin’ large or a lunch special like pork chops or sausage with rice and gravy, or a crawfish half and half. At both lunch and dinner, there are cups and bowls of chicken and sausage gumbo, and the aforementioned gumbalaya (gumbo over jambalaya, an irresistible dish), along with salad with protein grilled, fried or blackened. This is a rare spot where you can lunch for about $5 (the cost of a cup of gumbo). That’s hard to beat. But this is the cooking of N’Awlins and it deserves a certain amount of excess. Hush puppies are definitely called for. Maybe an appetizer order of fried catfish, crawfish, oysters or shrimp as well. And if it’s dinner time, along with the fried dinners, and the combo plates — all those red bean and rice concoctions with a gravy that’ll leave you thirsty for lots of beer — you can tuck into the blackened salmon, which does not blacken as well as Paul Prudhomme’s redfish, but it will do in a pinch. The catfish etoufee (think a hyper spicy stew over rice) is a good thing; a taste of the French Quarter in Hermosa Beach. There’s a blackened ribeye as well, the most expensive item on the menu at $24.99 (many of the dishes cluster around $15). The menu tells us, “Blackened makes you say Ooh Wee!” The menu also tells us, “For no or very light seasoning, please let your server know!” This is a Cajun restaurant. I would be embarrassed. This may not be the Ragin’ Cajun of memory, but it’s good to have it back. And the music reminds me of life on the street — even the air seems filled with the humid heat of a New Orleans night. </s>" <s> There are those of us who spent more than a few hours (and perhaps even days) sitting at the bar at the original Ragin’ Cajun on Pier Avenue in Hermosa Beach (now home to The Rockefeller), drinking a cold Dixie, eating some gumbalaya and contemplating the hot sauces that clustered like a miniature skyline on every table. There was Zydeco music in the air, the menus were hand-written on brown paper bags, and the waitresses were friendly as pie, and just as sweet. It was a really great place. Then, after a contretemps with the landlord, it was sent into the Cajun version of a Babylonian Exile, with a Ragin’ Cajun food truck playing its wares on the streets of the South Bay. There was a relentless stream of rumors about the imminent reappearance of a brick-and-mortar Ragin’ Cajun — a restaurant that, like old Lazarus, would rise from the dead. The quirkiest (and most often heard) rumor had the Ragin’ Cajun being born again in the sprawling Plaza El Segundo on Sepulveda just north of Rosecrans, a well-polished setting that seemed antithetical to the eminent funk of the Ragin’ Cajun. Perhaps it will yet rise in the center somewhere near the Veggie Grill. But right now, the Ragin’ Cajun lives again inside an affably shabby music venue called Suzy’s Bar & Grill in the comfortably rundown shopping center at the corner of Aviation and Prospect. It’s a setting that would work in the Big Easy, where bending an elbow while running with the music and chewing on a po’ boy is a way of life. This isn’t quite the old Ragin’ Cajun — heck, nothing could be — but the crowd feels about right. This is not a room of financial advisers checking their iPhones. This is a space dedicated to folks who have been in the South Bay since the Ragin’ Cajun was the best place to eat for miles around. These are people who like to hang. You can eat at the bar, you can eat at a number of four-tops, you can eat at some long tables where the crowd gets affable and there’s much talk about the relative merits of the hot sauces. These days, they come in bottles with the Ragin’ Cajun logo on them. These are house sauces, ranging from the expected to the, well, locally flavored. There’s Hot, Garlic and Pepper, along with Chipotle and Raspberry Chipotle. I suspect the first three would be recognizable on Bourbon Street; the last two might raise eyebrows. There’s a somewhat simpler lunch menu at the Suzy’s edition of the Ragin’ Cajun that include grilled po’boys (chicken or a burger), fried po’boys (chicken, catfish, crawfish, oysters and shrimp — which is more like it!), combo plates of rice and beans and gumbalaya. Try the crawfish etoufee if you’re livin’ large or a lunch special like pork chops or sausage with rice and gravy, or a crawfish half and half. At both lunch and dinner, there are cups and bowls of chicken and sausage gumbo, and the aforementioned gumbalaya (gumbo over jambalaya, an irresistible dish), along with salad with protein grilled, fried or blackened. This is a rare spot where you can lunch for about $5 (the cost of a cup of gumbo). That’s hard to beat. But this is the cooking of N’Awlins and it deserves a certain amount of excess. Hush puppies are definitely called for. Maybe an appetizer order of fried catfish, crawfish, oysters or shrimp as well. And if it’s dinner time, along with the fried dinners, and the combo plates — all those red bean and rice concoctions with a gravy that’ll leave you thirsty for lots of beer — you can tuck into the blackened salmon, which does not blacken as well as Paul Prudhomme’s redfish, but it will do in a pinch. The catfish etoufee (think a hyper spicy stew over rice) is a good thing; a taste of the French Quarter in Hermosa Beach. There’s a blackened ribeye as well, the most expensive item on the menu at $24.99 (many of the dishes cluster around $15). The menu tells us, “Blackened makes you say Ooh Wee!” The menu also tells us, “For no or very light seasoning, please let your server know!” This is a Cajun restaurant. I would be embarrassed. This may not be the Ragin’ Cajun of memory, but it’s good to have it back. And the music reminds me of life on the street — even the air seems filled with the humid heat of a New Orleans night. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> These are some of the reasons behind jobs related to concrete repair. Baltimore and Anne Arundel County are some of those places in the MD where you would find a number of contractors, who can help you in such cases. It would still be a good thing to take your time and look for the right serviceman. This would also ensure that you get the best possible help at an affordable rate. Where is Concrete Foundation Repair Located in 21240 MD? Do You Need A Foundation Repair in Baltimore? The problem is seen in Baltimore MD. The structural crack repair in Anne Arundel County, need to be done as soon as possible. If the problem is not treated soon, more and more water will be there in the basement or crawl space area and will truly increase the problem for the owner. </s>" <s> These are some of the reasons behind jobs related to concrete repair. Baltimore and Anne Arundel County are some of those places in the MD where you would find a number of contractors, who can help you in such cases. It would still be a good thing to take your time and look for the right serviceman. This would also ensure that you get the best possible help at an affordable rate. Where is Concrete Foundation Repair Located in 21240 MD? Do You Need A Foundation Repair in Baltimore? The problem is seen in Baltimore MD. The structural crack repair in Anne Arundel County, need to be done as soon as possible. If the problem is not treated soon, more and more water will be there in the basement or crawl space area and will truly increase the problem for the owner. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Irish singer songwriter and blogger, Bry will perform in the Academy tonight. As part of the Gallery&apos;s Christmas Family Art Holiday, the National Gallery will be hosting a fun and free workshop for the whole family to enjoy. Hudson Taylor will be bringing their fantastic end of year show to Whelan&apos;s tonight. But unfortunately you&apos;ll have to beg, steal or borrow for tickets as the gig is unsurprisingly sold out. Squeeze the last out of Christmas with a visit to the Gaiety Panto! </s>" <s> Irish singer songwriter and blogger, Bry will perform in the Academy tonight. As part of the Gallery&apos;s Christmas Family Art Holiday, the National Gallery will be hosting a fun and free workshop for the whole family to enjoy. Hudson Taylor will be bringing their fantastic end of year show to Whelan&apos;s tonight. But unfortunately you&apos;ll have to beg, steal or borrow for tickets as the gig is unsurprisingly sold out. Squeeze the last out of Christmas with a visit to the Gaiety Panto! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Palisade Radio present interviews with the foremost experts from the natural resource sector and the world of finance. Fed may need to buy more bonds than before crisis to manage U.S. rates: official | Article [AMP] | Reuters reuters.com/article/us-usa.... HERE WE GO LAYING THE GROUND WORK! Strong March for retail sales but look at the entire first quarter. Down to +0.2% SAAR from 1% in Q4, 4.3% in Q3 and 6.1% in Q2. REAL sales in Q1 were -0.7% and followed -0.5% in Q4, first back to back contraction since the first half of 2009. </s>" <s> Palisade Radio present interviews with the foremost experts from the natural resource sector and the world of finance. Fed may need to buy more bonds than before crisis to manage U.S. rates: official | Article [AMP] | Reuters reuters.com/article/us-usa.... HERE WE GO LAYING THE GROUND WORK! Strong March for retail sales but look at the entire first quarter. Down to +0.2% SAAR from 1% in Q4, 4.3% in Q3 and 6.1% in Q2. REAL sales in Q1 were -0.7% and followed -0.5% in Q4, first back to back contraction since the first half of 2009. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> NCB Capital Markets CEO addressing the Jamaica Stock Exchange's ""Market meets the Markets by the Sea' event. Photo via JSE, Facebook. CEO of NCB Capital Markets, Steven Gooden, has echoed the call of former Finance Minister Audley Shaw, for the creation of a micro stock exchange. Gooden made the call on Thursday as he addressed a Jamaica Stock Exchange (JSE) function under the theme ‘Market meets the Markets by the Sea’, as part of the exchange’s 50th-anniversary celebrations. The CEO noted that the JSE plays an integral role in the local capital market ecosystem, providing billions of dollars in financing to enhance the productive capacity of the Jamaican economy. “Additionally, our stock exchange is a regional leader when it comes on to innovation, with the junior stock market being one such product,” said Gooden. Providing statistics, Gooden highlighted that the junior market which started in April 2009, has provided 38 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with over $10 billion in capital financing. “The revenues of the vast majority of companies listed on the junior market have grown significantly as a result of not only the capital received but also the benefits tied to improved governance. This improved governance has changed the perception of these companies to their suppliers, customers, financiers and the government,” Gooden noted. “With the success of the junior stock exchange, which targets companies valued between $50 million and $500 million, I now call on the JSE and the relevant authorities to advance earlier discussions to create a third tier of the market called the micro stock exchange. This exchange would handle stocks of companies valued between $5 million and $50 million,” he added. During his contribution to the 2018/2019 Budget Debate on March 8, 2018, when he was still finance minister, Shaw told the House of Representatives that plans were in the making for a micro stock market that would cater to the needs of micro enterprises. He noted that in some jurisdictions the micro exchange is referred to as the “nano market”. At the time Shaw said he would have been asking the Prime Minister and Cabinet to sign off on the establishment of the nano market on the JSE. “The march towards a formal economy is an absolute requirement because it helps to promote discipline and ultimately it enhances the productivity and profitability of businesses...in that context we have to keep looking out of the box,"" Shaw said then. On Thursday, Gooden acknowledged that significant technical support would be required given the lack of structure and governance framework in micro-enterprises. But, he said working on the ecosystem to help mitigate some of the inherent risks is not insurmountable. i. The collective contribution of micro enterprises to economic growth is huge as a large percentage of input expenditure, either in the form of raw material and/or labour, and profit margins flow directly back into the economy. It is for those very same reasons local economists will tell you that for Jamaica to achieve high levels of GDP growth the agricultural sector is key because of its structural make-up. ii. The visibility and credibility that a listing brings to a business will invariably improve the performance of micro-enterprises as seen in the case of junior companies. iii. Encouraging proper governance at the level of micro entities, as basic as that framework may be, helps to foster a culture of compliance. A culture that is lacking in Jamaica, a culture that needs nurturing if the country is to go on a sustainable fiscal trajectory. Gooden pointed out that the lack of capital is a common cry for micro-entrepreneurs. And Gooden also acknowledged that investing in microbusinesses comes with its own set of risks. “However, if we agree on the importance of such businesses and the relevance of this third exchange, then the government should not shy away from providing incentives to encourage investments in this sector,” he stated. </s>" <s> NCB Capital Markets CEO addressing the Jamaica Stock Exchange's """Market" meets the Markets by the Sea' event. Photo via JSE, Facebook. CEO of NCB Capital Markets, Steven Gooden, has echoed the call of former Finance Minister Audley Shaw, for the creation of a micro stock exchange. Gooden made the call on Thursday as he addressed a Jamaica Stock Exchange (JSE) function under the theme ‘Market meets the Markets by the Sea’, as part of the exchange’s 50th-anniversary celebrations. The CEO noted that the JSE plays an integral role in the local capital market ecosystem, providing billions of dollars in financing to enhance the productive capacity of the Jamaican economy. “Additionally, our stock exchange is a regional leader when it comes on to innovation, with the junior stock market being one such product,” said Gooden. Providing statistics, Gooden highlighted that the junior market which started in April 2009, has provided 38 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with over $10 billion in capital financing. “The revenues of the vast majority of companies listed on the junior market have grown significantly as a result of not only the capital received but also the benefits tied to improved governance. This improved governance has changed the perception of these companies to their suppliers, customers, financiers and the government,” Gooden noted. “With the success of the junior stock exchange, which targets companies valued between $50 million and $500 million, I now call on the JSE and the relevant authorities to advance earlier discussions to create a third tier of the market called the micro stock exchange. This exchange would handle stocks of companies valued between $5 million and $50 million,” he added. During his contribution to the 2018/2019 Budget Debate on March 8, 2018, when he was still finance minister, Shaw told the House of Representatives that plans were in the making for a micro stock market that would cater to the needs of micro enterprises. He noted that in some jurisdictions the micro exchange is referred to as the “nano market”. At the time Shaw said he would have been asking the Prime Minister and Cabinet to sign off on the establishment of the nano market on the JSE. “The march towards a formal economy is an absolute requirement because it helps to promote discipline and ultimately it enhances the productivity and profitability of businesses...in that context we have to keep looking out of the "box,""" Shaw said then. On Thursday, Gooden acknowledged that significant technical support would be required given the lack of structure and governance framework in micro-enterprises. But, he said working on the ecosystem to help mitigate some of the inherent risks is not insurmountable. i. The collective contribution of micro enterprises to economic growth is huge as a large percentage of input expenditure, either in the form of raw material and/or labour, and profit margins flow directly back into the economy. It is for those very same reasons local economists will tell you that for Jamaica to achieve high levels of GDP growth the agricultural sector is key because of its structural make-up. ii. The visibility and credibility that a listing brings to a business will invariably improve the performance of micro-enterprises as seen in the case of junior companies. iii. Encouraging proper governance at the level of micro entities, as basic as that framework may be, helps to foster a culture of compliance. A culture that is lacking in Jamaica, a culture that needs nurturing if the country is to go on a sustainable fiscal trajectory. Gooden pointed out that the lack of capital is a common cry for micro-entrepreneurs. And Gooden also acknowledged that investing in microbusinesses comes with its own set of risks. “However, if we agree on the importance of such businesses and the relevance of this third exchange, then the government should not shy away from providing incentives to encourage investments in this sector,” he stated. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> In the Gathering Room. This friendly, informal group meets weekly for an in-depth study of Unity principles through a selected book. All are invited and welcomed to join in at any time. This is on-going weekly every Sunday. In the Meditation Room. This group practices Unity’s affirmative prayer approach in order to support the positive fulfillment of the prayer requests of each group participant. Both English and Español spoken. All are invited and welcomed! Facilitator, Henry Petru. This is on-going weekly every Sunday. </s>" <s> In the Gathering Room. This friendly, informal group meets weekly for an in-depth study of Unity principles through a selected book. All are invited and welcomed to join in at any time. This is on-going weekly every Sunday. In the Meditation Room. This group practices Unity’s affirmative prayer approach in order to support the positive fulfillment of the prayer requests of each group participant. Both English and Español spoken. All are invited and welcomed! Facilitator, Henry Petru. This is on-going weekly every Sunday. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> 국내 화장품 브랜드에서 글로벌 수출용 다크쉐이드 파운데이션 외국인 품평단을 모집합니다. - 페이 지급을 위해서는 한국계좌가 필요합니다. We are currently looking for people who have dark skin tones for developing dark shade foundations. How to apply: Please send us your answers on the following questions to duwls3234@innisfree.com and We will contact you ASAP. 5) Make sure that you have a Korea bank account and ARC. </s>" <s> 국내 화장품 브랜드에서 글로벌 수출용 다크쉐이드 파운데이션 외국인 품평단을 모집합니다. - 페이 지급을 위해서는 한국계좌가 필요합니다. We are currently looking for people who have dark skin tones for developing dark shade foundations. How to apply: Please send us your answers on the following questions to duwls3234@innisfree.com and We will contact you ASAP. 5) Make sure that you have a Korea bank account and ARC. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> You should never pledge to me. I make plenty of money and don't require you spending your hard earned cash on my hobbies. You know I don't want your donations and here you are donating anyways. What are you thinking? How much clearer do I need to make this? Are you trying to be ironic? You stopped being funny a long time ago. Knock it off already. What more do I have to do to get the point across? This is absurd! You win. For the time being. </s>" <s> You should never pledge to me. I make plenty of money and don't require you spending your hard earned cash on my hobbies. You know I don't want your donations and here you are donating anyways. What are you thinking? How much clearer do I need to make this? Are you trying to be ironic? You stopped being funny a long time ago. Knock it off already. What more do I have to do to get the point across? This is absurd! You win. For the time being. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Discussion in 'Ask the Rules Team' started by chriscobi634, Feb 12, 2008. Have much more damage does Boost add if I have both Sceptile (GE) and Vensasaur (CG) in play? Boost would count as 3 Grass from Venusaur, but it's not a basic Energy card, so Sceptile would not affect it at all. It also depends on what attack you are talking about. Does it count Grass Energy, basic Grass energy, or Grass Energy cards? Each of those would get a different result. 3, 0, and 1 respectively.. </s>" <s> Discussion in 'Ask the Rules Team' started by chriscobi634, Feb 12, 2008. Have much more damage does Boost add if I have both Sceptile (GE) and Vensasaur (CG) in play? Boost would count as 3 Grass from Venusaur, but it's not a basic Energy card, so Sceptile would not affect it at all. It also depends on what attack you are talking about. Does it count Grass Energy, basic Grass energy, or Grass Energy cards? Each of those would get a different result. 3, 0, and 1 respectively.. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> The ""Primavera"" is one of a series of mythological works executed by Botticelli after his return from Rome in 1482, it is one of Botticelli's best known and most discussed paintings. Its exact meaning has been debated and pondered over for many years but it is doubtful if anyone fully understands the puzzling message behind this stunning masterpiece. It was once thought that the picture was commissioned by Lorenzo the Magnificent, who was the head of the powerful Medici family at the time. We now know that it was actually in the possession of Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici who was a cousin of Lorenzo the Magnificent. The picture was hung above the backrest to a sofa in an anteroom of the bedchamber of Pierfrancesco’s Florentine palace. ""Pallas and the Centaur"", another of Botticelli’s paintings hung in the same room. Primavera was probably painted as a celebration of Pierfrancesco’s marriage in 1482 and this important member of the Medici became a faithful patron of Botticelli's work. The painting is set in an orange grove on a meadow of flowers, it contains eight adult figures placed along the length of the picture. The orange trees stand erect but above the head of Venus, they bend to form an arch framing the Goddess. Another tree on the far right bends echoing the body shapes of Zephyrus, God of Winds and the nymph Chloris. The picture celebrates the arrival of spring and is filled with mythological symbolism. Venus, Goddess of Love, is in the centre of the orange grove, on her left Flora, Goddess of Flowers and Spring, appears clad in garlands of flowers. Next to Flora is the nymph Chloris, she is pursued by Zephyrus, God of Wind, who has a burning passion for her. The Roman poet Ovid describes Chloris as transforming into Flora, Goddess of Flowers, ""Once I was Chloris, who am now called Flora"" and so symbolising the beginning of spring. Botticelli has placed both figures side by side within the same painting. On the right of Venus are The three Graces, female companions of the Love Goddess who perform their dance at the onset of spring. Next to the Graces stands Mercury, Messenger of the Gods, who inspects the orange grove and protects the garden from intruders. In Classical mythology Mercury has the winged shoes of the messenger and holds a staff in his right hand which he uses to separate two fighting snakes, the two snakes then wind themselves around the staff which is thereafter seen as a symbol of peace. In the Primavera Mercury uses the staff to drive away some clouds, therefore, maintaining the tranquillity within the garden. Floating overhead at the centre of the picture is Amor, the son of Venus, he is blindfolded as he shoots his arrows of love, their flaming tips certain to intensify the emotion of love in whoever they strike. The primary source for the picture comes from a poem, ""De Rerum Natura"", by the classical poet and philosopher Lucretius. This and the ""Fasti"", Ovid's Roman calendar, provided the inspiration for Botticelli's Painting. These superbly drawn figures add to the charm and mystery of one of Botticelli's most complex and analysed paintings. Zephyrus and Chloris. (s) Detail. See how well Botticelli has captured the emotion on the face of the nymph Chloris as she is seized by Zephyrus, God of Winds, and begins her transformation into Flora, Goddess of Flowers. </s>" <s> The """Primavera""" is one of a series of mythological works executed by Botticelli after his return from Rome in 1482, it is one of Botticelli's best known and most discussed paintings. Its exact meaning has been debated and pondered over for many years but it is doubtful if anyone fully understands the puzzling message behind this stunning masterpiece. It was once thought that the picture was commissioned by Lorenzo the Magnificent, who was the head of the powerful Medici family at the time. We now know that it was actually in the possession of Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici who was a cousin of Lorenzo the Magnificent. The picture was hung above the backrest to a sofa in an anteroom of the bedchamber of Pierfrancesco’s Florentine palace. """Pallas" and the "Centaur""," another of Botticelli’s paintings hung in the same room. Primavera was probably painted as a celebration of Pierfrancesco’s marriage in 1482 and this important member of the Medici became a faithful patron of Botticelli's work. The painting is set in an orange grove on a meadow of flowers, it contains eight adult figures placed along the length of the picture. The orange trees stand erect but above the head of Venus, they bend to form an arch framing the Goddess. Another tree on the far right bends echoing the body shapes of Zephyrus, God of Winds and the nymph Chloris. The picture celebrates the arrival of spring and is filled with mythological symbolism. Venus, Goddess of Love, is in the centre of the orange grove, on her left Flora, Goddess of Flowers and Spring, appears clad in garlands of flowers. Next to Flora is the nymph Chloris, she is pursued by Zephyrus, God of Wind, who has a burning passion for her. The Roman poet Ovid describes Chloris as transforming into Flora, Goddess of Flowers, """Once" I was Chloris, who am now called "Flora""" and so symbolising the beginning of spring. Botticelli has placed both figures side by side within the same painting. On the right of Venus are The three Graces, female companions of the Love Goddess who perform their dance at the onset of spring. Next to the Graces stands Mercury, Messenger of the Gods, who inspects the orange grove and protects the garden from intruders. In Classical mythology Mercury has the winged shoes of the messenger and holds a staff in his right hand which he uses to separate two fighting snakes, the two snakes then wind themselves around the staff which is thereafter seen as a symbol of peace. In the Primavera Mercury uses the staff to drive away some clouds, therefore, maintaining the tranquillity within the garden. Floating overhead at the centre of the picture is Amor, the son of Venus, he is blindfolded as he shoots his arrows of love, their flaming tips certain to intensify the emotion of love in whoever they strike. The primary source for the picture comes from a poem, """De" Rerum "Natura""," by the classical poet and philosopher Lucretius. This and the """Fasti""," Ovid's Roman calendar, provided the inspiration for Botticelli's Painting. These superbly drawn figures add to the charm and mystery of one of Botticelli's most complex and analysed paintings. Zephyrus and Chloris. (s) Detail. See how well Botticelli has captured the emotion on the face of the nymph Chloris as she is seized by Zephyrus, God of Winds, and begins her transformation into Flora, Goddess of Flowers. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> All linen and towels included. A welcome pack of local and home grown produce is provided on your arrival. Bookings during August are for a mimimun of 7 days. Peaceful Cottage in Pretty French Countryside . This cottage/gite is in a rural setting. It is located on a 6 hectare farm full of pretty flowers, gardens and stunning countryside. It also has a large 10 x 5 metre salt water pool and pool house, for those long hot summer days. Views from the pool look onto paddock’s where sheep and chickens roam freely. The gite's frenchdoors lead directly to a comfortable, relaxing private bbq and patio area which is an ideal spot to forget the rest of the world, relax and soak up the sunshine. The spacious kitchen, living & dining room areas are all open plan with plenty of space. The living room is furnished with two armchairs and a large comfortable corner sofa that can conveniently convert into a double bed if needed. The dining area has a large table suitable for seating 8 people and a high chair for an enfant. The gite (cottage) is fully equipped with a wood burning fire box for those cooler times of year, a radiator to take the chill off, freeview satellite, a flat screen TV, a DVD player, a blue tooth speaker and independent wi-fi to complete the entertainment section. The light airy kitchen is fully equipped and has a dishwasher, a full size electric cooker, a large fridge-freezer, microwave and range of coffee making facilities including cafeteria for freshly brewed morning coffee. Tea - both herbal and English breakfast, are provided for your convenience. The gite is single storey for ease of access and both the bedrooms and the bathroom lead off the main living area. The gite has tiled floors throughout except for the master bedroom which has a wooden oak floor. The clean, fresh decor flows into the master bedroom which has a sumptuous queen size bed ( 2.04 long x 1.90 wide) , an armoire (wardrobe), a large window overlooking farm paddocks and its own french doors that lead directly into the outside entertainment area. The twin bedroom has two single beds, a french armoire and a large window also overlooking farm paddocks. Both bedrooms have two standard pillows per person but more are available on request. All pillows and duvets are hollow fibre and hypo allergenic. A 6kg washing machine is located in the bathroom area. The bathroom is tiled throughout and has good sized shower, toilet and a heated towel rail. There is also a hair dryer for your use. There is a vacuum cleaner, general cleaning equipment, an ironing board and iron for your use along with an airer and a full sized clothes line for your exclusive use. Freshly laundered linen is supplied for all the beds along with bath and hand towels. Pool towels are also supplied for your convenience. Adult and kids bikes are available for your use. Helmets are supplied for 2 adults and 2 children. Please note it is compulsory for children u der the age of twelve to wear helmets when riding on French roads. A complementary welcome hamper will be provided on arrival . Fresh homegrown seasonal vegetables, produce such as jams and chutneys, and eggs are available to purchase on request. There are markets virtually every day of the week in this area, selling wonderful local produce, including foie gras, wines, cheeses and lovely fruit and vegetables. Ribérac’s renowned market a 15 minute drive away and is held on Fridays. It is full of local quality produce and friendly faces and definitely worth a visit. It is worth noting that most markets are over by lunchtime, so you need to be up early! Sunday –the local Aubeterre market, Brantôme (July & August) and Verteillac with its Antique market on the 1st Sunday of every month during the year. There are also numerous outdoor activities within easy walking/driving distance such as the Aubeterre river beach complete with a bistro bar and activities for all the family, the Poltrot adventure play area within 2 kms, canoe hire on the Dronne river 2kms away and the Aubeterre 9 hole golf club for those wishing to play golf or at least try their hand at it. Clubs can be hired direct from the golf course. The market towns of Riberac and Chalais, for all your grocery needs located within an easy 15 minute drive. If you wish to venture further afield the Beau Village of Brantôme is a 45 minute drive east , the city of Angolueme a 45 minute drive north, the capital of cognac making, the city of Cognac, is 45 minutes west and the wine making region St Emillon and Bordeaux are just over an hour away. The gite has a fully equipped kitchen with a full size, fridge, electric cookery and a dishwasher . There is also a fire extinguisher, fire blanket, smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detectors in place incase of emergencies. The living room has comfortable sitting for 6 one of which is a sofa bed that can convert to a bed to accommodate 2 people. The smart TV, DVD player, Freesat with English speaking tv, a Bluetooth speaker and wi-fi are available for your use. There are 2 good sized bedrooms with wardrobes, one which has a queen bed (2.4 long x 1.90 wide) and the other bedroom has 2 single beds. A cot and highchair are available on request. The bathroom has a shower and toilet in it along with a 6kg washing machine for your use. A hair dryer is also supplied for your use. There is also a small first aid kit for any mishaps, scratches or grazers. The gite is heated by a wood fire and a radiator for those cool spring, autumn and winter nights. The gite is equiped with a Freesat tv box which gives you access to over 100 channels for all your viewing needs, Wi-fi and a Bluetooth speaker for your music. The gite has its own private outside space complete with table and chairs, a sun umbrella and a coal fired barbecue. The entertainment area overlooks our farm land and surrounding countryside. There is a badminton set, Pétanque set and several games for inside and outside entertainment time. There is also a 10m x 5m salt water swimming pool for your use. There are 2 children and 2 adult bikes available upon request. If you want a break from cooking to enjoy one of our barmy summer pizza nights, we are happy to cook for you. Food and wine is offered at a cost per person of 15 euros for adults and 5 euro per child - please contact me if you wish to pursue this option further. Hi we are Andrew & Ronda Dickie. We are born & bred kiwis (New Zealanders) who lived in Australia for 27 years before retiring & moving to the beautiful countryside of France. We brought an old home in serious need of a renovation, with 3 barns on 6 hectares of land. The last 2 years we devoted our time to the completion of our home renovation, creating an orchard, fencing off paddocks for sheep & chickens & establishing large veggie and flower gardens.Its now time to welcome guests to our home. Our gite is within easy driving distance of numerous beautiful and lively towns but maintains the peace and relaxation of country living which is just what you need when on holiday. Aubeterre sur Dronne, known as one of the most beautiful villages in France is 3 km away and has several excellent restaurants, a beautiful village square, a bar, numerous village shops, a butcher, boulangerie (bakery), brocantes and a lovely river beach with a bar/bisto where you can hire canoes to cruise on the Dronne river. Charbonnaud gite is a fully self contained cottage with 2 lovely light and airy bedrooms and a spacious open plan living/dining/ kitchen area. It has its own private outside space complete with a lovely entertainment area accessed by frenchdoors from both the living area and master bedroom. There is also a 10m x 5m salt water pool and pool house to enable you to relax and enjoy the long hot summer days. If you feel like more acitivity you can take a walk on one of the numerous walking trails, hire a canoe on the Dronne river, or take a bike ride around the area, enjoy adventure activities at the local park or try your hand at golf at the local course. If you want to explore further there are several villages within a 20 minute drive that hold weekly markets perfect for all your culinary needs. A welcome pack is provided to all guests on arrival and you can also purchase fresh homegrown veggies, relishes, chutneys and free range eggs produced on our farm. The village square has several restaurants and eateries available for that long relaxing lunch or summer evening dining, two of which are Sucre and Sel and Hotel de France. For more upmarket dining we highly recommend the Au Cochon Prieur on the main road from Aubeterre to Laprade. If you want to venture further we recommend ‘a Table’ run by Jo and Alice ( as seen on a New Life in the Sun) at Cheval a 20 minute drive away. Aubeterre holds a market every Sunday in the village square which is well worth a good look. It also has 3 permanent Brocantes for those special French antique purchases. There are two churches to explore in Aubeterre as well as the ancient monolithic church. The ancient church itself, and its crypt, were hidden for centuries by a rock fall, and only rediscovered in the 1950’s. The sheer scale of this edifice with its nave 20 metres in height, its surrounding gallery, and the hundreds of stone tombs (“sarcophagi”) in the necropolis, bear witness to its importance as a sacred, religious destination. We had an excellent week's stay. The welcome hamper was really great, especially Ronda's pickle! Everything you could wish for was provided and the cottage was very clean and comfortable. Ronda and Andrew were excellent hosts and made us very welcome. The visiting deer and rabbits were a highlight. We especially recommend a visit to Aubeterre-sur Dronne for it's historic sights and restaurants. We definitely hope to revisit soon. Thanks Stephanie for the review. It was lovely to have you both stay, we couldn’t have asked for better guests - you are welcome back anytime. </s>" <s> All linen and towels included. A welcome pack of local and home grown produce is provided on your arrival. Bookings during August are for a mimimun of 7 days. Peaceful Cottage in Pretty French Countryside . This cottage/gite is in a rural setting. It is located on a 6 hectare farm full of pretty flowers, gardens and stunning countryside. It also has a large 10 x 5 metre salt water pool and pool house, for those long hot summer days. Views from the pool look onto paddock’s where sheep and chickens roam freely. The gite's frenchdoors lead directly to a comfortable, relaxing private bbq and patio area which is an ideal spot to forget the rest of the world, relax and soak up the sunshine. The spacious kitchen, living & dining room areas are all open plan with plenty of space. The living room is furnished with two armchairs and a large comfortable corner sofa that can conveniently convert into a double bed if needed. The dining area has a large table suitable for seating 8 people and a high chair for an enfant. The gite (cottage) is fully equipped with a wood burning fire box for those cooler times of year, a radiator to take the chill off, freeview satellite, a flat screen TV, a DVD player, a blue tooth speaker and independent wi-fi to complete the entertainment section. The light airy kitchen is fully equipped and has a dishwasher, a full size electric cooker, a large fridge-freezer, microwave and range of coffee making facilities including cafeteria for freshly brewed morning coffee. Tea - both herbal and English breakfast, are provided for your convenience. The gite is single storey for ease of access and both the bedrooms and the bathroom lead off the main living area. The gite has tiled floors throughout except for the master bedroom which has a wooden oak floor. The clean, fresh decor flows into the master bedroom which has a sumptuous queen size bed ( 2.04 long x 1.90 wide) , an armoire (wardrobe), a large window overlooking farm paddocks and its own french doors that lead directly into the outside entertainment area. The twin bedroom has two single beds, a french armoire and a large window also overlooking farm paddocks. Both bedrooms have two standard pillows per person but more are available on request. All pillows and duvets are hollow fibre and hypo allergenic. A 6kg washing machine is located in the bathroom area. The bathroom is tiled throughout and has good sized shower, toilet and a heated towel rail. There is also a hair dryer for your use. There is a vacuum cleaner, general cleaning equipment, an ironing board and iron for your use along with an airer and a full sized clothes line for your exclusive use. Freshly laundered linen is supplied for all the beds along with bath and hand towels. Pool towels are also supplied for your convenience. Adult and kids bikes are available for your use. Helmets are supplied for 2 adults and 2 children. Please note it is compulsory for children u der the age of twelve to wear helmets when riding on French roads. A complementary welcome hamper will be provided on arrival . Fresh homegrown seasonal vegetables, produce such as jams and chutneys, and eggs are available to purchase on request. There are markets virtually every day of the week in this area, selling wonderful local produce, including foie gras, wines, cheeses and lovely fruit and vegetables. Ribérac’s renowned market a 15 minute drive away and is held on Fridays. It is full of local quality produce and friendly faces and definitely worth a visit. It is worth noting that most markets are over by lunchtime, so you need to be up early! Sunday –the local Aubeterre market, Brantôme (July & August) and Verteillac with its Antique market on the 1st Sunday of every month during the year. There are also numerous outdoor activities within easy walking/driving distance such as the Aubeterre river beach complete with a bistro bar and activities for all the family, the Poltrot adventure play area within 2 kms, canoe hire on the Dronne river 2kms away and the Aubeterre 9 hole golf club for those wishing to play golf or at least try their hand at it. Clubs can be hired direct from the golf course. The market towns of Riberac and Chalais, for all your grocery needs located within an easy 15 minute drive. If you wish to venture further afield the Beau Village of Brantôme is a 45 minute drive east , the city of Angolueme a 45 minute drive north, the capital of cognac making, the city of Cognac, is 45 minutes west and the wine making region St Emillon and Bordeaux are just over an hour away. The gite has a fully equipped kitchen with a full size, fridge, electric cookery and a dishwasher . There is also a fire extinguisher, fire blanket, smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detectors in place incase of emergencies. The living room has comfortable sitting for 6 one of which is a sofa bed that can convert to a bed to accommodate 2 people. The smart TV, DVD player, Freesat with English speaking tv, a Bluetooth speaker and wi-fi are available for your use. There are 2 good sized bedrooms with wardrobes, one which has a queen bed (2.4 long x 1.90 wide) and the other bedroom has 2 single beds. A cot and highchair are available on request. The bathroom has a shower and toilet in it along with a 6kg washing machine for your use. A hair dryer is also supplied for your use. There is also a small first aid kit for any mishaps, scratches or grazers. The gite is heated by a wood fire and a radiator for those cool spring, autumn and winter nights. The gite is equiped with a Freesat tv box which gives you access to over 100 channels for all your viewing needs, Wi-fi and a Bluetooth speaker for your music. The gite has its own private outside space complete with table and chairs, a sun umbrella and a coal fired barbecue. The entertainment area overlooks our farm land and surrounding countryside. There is a badminton set, Pétanque set and several games for inside and outside entertainment time. There is also a 10m x 5m salt water swimming pool for your use. There are 2 children and 2 adult bikes available upon request. If you want a break from cooking to enjoy one of our barmy summer pizza nights, we are happy to cook for you. Food and wine is offered at a cost per person of 15 euros for adults and 5 euro per child - please contact me if you wish to pursue this option further. Hi we are Andrew & Ronda Dickie. We are born & bred kiwis (New Zealanders) who lived in Australia for 27 years before retiring & moving to the beautiful countryside of France. We brought an old home in serious need of a renovation, with 3 barns on 6 hectares of land. The last 2 years we devoted our time to the completion of our home renovation, creating an orchard, fencing off paddocks for sheep & chickens & establishing large veggie and flower gardens.Its now time to welcome guests to our home. Our gite is within easy driving distance of numerous beautiful and lively towns but maintains the peace and relaxation of country living which is just what you need when on holiday. Aubeterre sur Dronne, known as one of the most beautiful villages in France is 3 km away and has several excellent restaurants, a beautiful village square, a bar, numerous village shops, a butcher, boulangerie (bakery), brocantes and a lovely river beach with a bar/bisto where you can hire canoes to cruise on the Dronne river. Charbonnaud gite is a fully self contained cottage with 2 lovely light and airy bedrooms and a spacious open plan living/dining/ kitchen area. It has its own private outside space complete with a lovely entertainment area accessed by frenchdoors from both the living area and master bedroom. There is also a 10m x 5m salt water pool and pool house to enable you to relax and enjoy the long hot summer days. If you feel like more acitivity you can take a walk on one of the numerous walking trails, hire a canoe on the Dronne river, or take a bike ride around the area, enjoy adventure activities at the local park or try your hand at golf at the local course. If you want to explore further there are several villages within a 20 minute drive that hold weekly markets perfect for all your culinary needs. A welcome pack is provided to all guests on arrival and you can also purchase fresh homegrown veggies, relishes, chutneys and free range eggs produced on our farm. The village square has several restaurants and eateries available for that long relaxing lunch or summer evening dining, two of which are Sucre and Sel and Hotel de France. For more upmarket dining we highly recommend the Au Cochon Prieur on the main road from Aubeterre to Laprade. If you want to venture further we recommend ‘a Table’ run by Jo and Alice ( as seen on a New Life in the Sun) at Cheval a 20 minute drive away. Aubeterre holds a market every Sunday in the village square which is well worth a good look. It also has 3 permanent Brocantes for those special French antique purchases. There are two churches to explore in Aubeterre as well as the ancient monolithic church. The ancient church itself, and its crypt, were hidden for centuries by a rock fall, and only rediscovered in the 1950’s. The sheer scale of this edifice with its nave 20 metres in height, its surrounding gallery, and the hundreds of stone tombs (“sarcophagi”) in the necropolis, bear witness to its importance as a sacred, religious destination. We had an excellent week's stay. The welcome hamper was really great, especially Ronda's pickle! Everything you could wish for was provided and the cottage was very clean and comfortable. Ronda and Andrew were excellent hosts and made us very welcome. The visiting deer and rabbits were a highlight. We especially recommend a visit to Aubeterre-sur Dronne for it's historic sights and restaurants. We definitely hope to revisit soon. Thanks Stephanie for the review. It was lovely to have you both stay, we couldn’t have asked for better guests - you are welcome back anytime. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Davide Cimolai finally landed Lampre-Merida their first victory of the season, in an exciting bunch finish in the penultimate stage of the Volta a Catalunya. Nairo Quintana (Movistar) finished safely in the bunch to retain his overall lead in the GC. The final four survivors of the day’s break, Cameron Meyer (Dimension Data), Bert-Jan Lindeman (LottoNL-Jumbo), Petr Vakoc (Etixx-QuickStep) and Rudy Molard (Cofidis), were only caught in the final few hundred meters. Cimolai even used their slipstreams to lead out his sprint as the peloton made the catch, only starting his sprint with around 100 meters to go to comfortably beat Nikias Arndt (Giant-Alpecin) and Tosh van der Sande (Lotto-Soudal) into second and third. Sky’s Ben Swift was not present to contest the sprint, having abandoned the race overnight due to illness. The Italian’s victory was just rewards for the Lampre-Merida domestiques, who did much of the donkey work at the front of the peloton to bring the break back. Along with the aforementioned quartet, the break initially also included Ryder Hesjedal (Trek-Segafredo), Esteban Chaves (Orica-GreenEdge), Laurens Ten Dam (Giant-Alpecin), Alex Howes (Cannondale), Axel Domont (Ag2r La Mondiale), Marco Minnaard (Wanty-Groupe Gobert) and Romain Hardy (Cofidis). They gained a lead of over five minutes at one point, but enough intent was shown by the peloton to keep them under control for the most part. It wasn’t until the final 5km or so, once the break had been whittled down to just four riders, that they seemed to have any chance of making it. With just a few hundred metres to go Meyer was at the front with a gap of a few bike lengths, having made a last gasp attack. Meyer could not quite sustain his speed however, and was swallowed up by the bunch with just a few more pedal strokes to the finish. Earlier in the day, Dan Martin (Etixx-QuickStep) had again sprinted for the bonus at the intermediate sprint, earning another three seconds to bring him within just one second of the podium. Quintana retains his slender lead on the GC, seven seconds ahead of Alberto Contador (Tinkoff) and seventeen seconds ahead of Richie Porte (BMC). He now has just one more day to survive in order to seal overall victory, but is likely to face attacks in tomorrow’s hilly final stage circuit in Barcelona. </s>" <s> Davide Cimolai finally landed Lampre-Merida their first victory of the season, in an exciting bunch finish in the penultimate stage of the Volta a Catalunya. Nairo Quintana (Movistar) finished safely in the bunch to retain his overall lead in the GC. The final four survivors of the day’s break, Cameron Meyer (Dimension Data), Bert-Jan Lindeman (LottoNL-Jumbo), Petr Vakoc (Etixx-QuickStep) and Rudy Molard (Cofidis), were only caught in the final few hundred meters. Cimolai even used their slipstreams to lead out his sprint as the peloton made the catch, only starting his sprint with around 100 meters to go to comfortably beat Nikias Arndt (Giant-Alpecin) and Tosh van der Sande (Lotto-Soudal) into second and third. Sky’s Ben Swift was not present to contest the sprint, having abandoned the race overnight due to illness. The Italian’s victory was just rewards for the Lampre-Merida domestiques, who did much of the donkey work at the front of the peloton to bring the break back. Along with the aforementioned quartet, the break initially also included Ryder Hesjedal (Trek-Segafredo), Esteban Chaves (Orica-GreenEdge), Laurens Ten Dam (Giant-Alpecin), Alex Howes (Cannondale), Axel Domont (Ag2r La Mondiale), Marco Minnaard (Wanty-Groupe Gobert) and Romain Hardy (Cofidis). They gained a lead of over five minutes at one point, but enough intent was shown by the peloton to keep them under control for the most part. It wasn’t until the final 5km or so, once the break had been whittled down to just four riders, that they seemed to have any chance of making it. With just a few hundred metres to go Meyer was at the front with a gap of a few bike lengths, having made a last gasp attack. Meyer could not quite sustain his speed however, and was swallowed up by the bunch with just a few more pedal strokes to the finish. Earlier in the day, Dan Martin (Etixx-QuickStep) had again sprinted for the bonus at the intermediate sprint, earning another three seconds to bring him within just one second of the podium. Quintana retains his slender lead on the GC, seven seconds ahead of Alberto Contador (Tinkoff) and seventeen seconds ahead of Richie Porte (BMC). He now has just one more day to survive in order to seal overall victory, but is likely to face attacks in tomorrow’s hilly final stage circuit in Barcelona. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Here we go! Pictures from Montreál taken with my camera. Over all, I really liked Montreál, it's a pretty small, very european-influenced city. Well, small compared to NYC that is. From my experience, the people seemed down-to-earth, friendly and helpful. They speak both French and English, but the city is definately more French. The climate seems very similar to finnish climate (even though the temperatures reached over 30 degrees celsius while we were there, but judging from the vegetation it felt very familiar to my finnish hoods). The partying was great, I wish we would've had more time to explore, but there were loads of clubs and bars and people. A great experience! One of the most beautiful churches I've ever put my foot into. </s>" <s> Here we go! Pictures from Montreál taken with my camera. Over all, I really liked Montreál, it's a pretty small, very european-influenced city. Well, small compared to NYC that is. From my experience, the people seemed down-to-earth, friendly and helpful. They speak both French and English, but the city is definately more French. The climate seems very similar to finnish climate (even though the temperatures reached over 30 degrees celsius while we were there, but judging from the vegetation it felt very familiar to my finnish hoods). The partying was great, I wish we would've had more time to explore, but there were loads of clubs and bars and people. A great experience! One of the most beautiful churches I've ever put my foot into. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Once the initial application is submitted, the applicant will be informed of the date(s) to appear for the written examination and physical agility testing. The written examination and physical agility test are both pass/fail. The written exam is a nationally recognized police selection examination covering basic mathematics, reading comprehension, and grammar. Upon successful completion of the written examination and the physical agility test, the applicants will continue to the oral interview board. The applicant will be notified of the interview board date. Upon successfully completing the interview, the applicant will be given a conditional offer of employment and advance to truth verification. The next step is the background investigation. If the applicant successfully completes the background investigation, the applicant will be scheduled for an interview with the Chief of Police. Upon successfully completing of the Chief's interview the applicant will be scheduled for a medical screen and pre-employment drug testing. Once the above criteria are successfully met, the applicant will then be scheduled for their start date. </s>" <s> Once the initial application is submitted, the applicant will be informed of the date(s) to appear for the written examination and physical agility testing. The written examination and physical agility test are both pass/fail. The written exam is a nationally recognized police selection examination covering basic mathematics, reading comprehension, and grammar. Upon successful completion of the written examination and the physical agility test, the applicants will continue to the oral interview board. The applicant will be notified of the interview board date. Upon successfully completing the interview, the applicant will be given a conditional offer of employment and advance to truth verification. The next step is the background investigation. If the applicant successfully completes the background investigation, the applicant will be scheduled for an interview with the Chief of Police. Upon successfully completing of the Chief's interview the applicant will be scheduled for a medical screen and pre-employment drug testing. Once the above criteria are successfully met, the applicant will then be scheduled for their start date. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Millions of car accidents occur each year injuring people and damaging property. Where an accident is minor, many people simply file police reports, inform their insurance company, but pay the losses out of their own pocket. However, when an accident isn't minor, it's important to realize that you can be compensated not only for the damage to your vehicle, but for other damages as well. If you're injured in a car accident, you'll likely incur expenses related to the accident such as medical treatment, rehabilitation, renting a car or using a taxi while your car is being repaired. It's likely that while your expenses increase, you may lose income due to your inability to work. In addition, you may also lose the ability to perform various activities of normal daily living, in both the short and long term, and may also endure pain and suffering as a result of the accident. You can be compensated for these types of injuries and expenses. Generally, auto accident victims seek what are known as compensatory damages. These are intended to ""make you whole again"" and place you back in the same position you were before the accident occurred. There are two types of compensatory damages - economic and non-economic. Economic damages are awarded for those ""out of pocket expenses"" that you've incurred, while non-economic damages are awarded for any pain and suffering you may have experienced. Both types may be available to auto accident victims in determing the value of their claim. In addition to normal compensatory damages, in extreme cases punitive damages may be available, if the injury was the result of the other driver's reckless or irresponsible behavior, or if the accident or the injury was caused by something about the car that is dangerous or defective that the manufacturer should have corrected. </s>" <s> Millions of car accidents occur each year injuring people and damaging property. Where an accident is minor, many people simply file police reports, inform their insurance company, but pay the losses out of their own pocket. However, when an accident isn't minor, it's important to realize that you can be compensated not only for the damage to your vehicle, but for other damages as well. If you're injured in a car accident, you'll likely incur expenses related to the accident such as medical treatment, rehabilitation, renting a car or using a taxi while your car is being repaired. It's likely that while your expenses increase, you may lose income due to your inability to work. In addition, you may also lose the ability to perform various activities of normal daily living, in both the short and long term, and may also endure pain and suffering as a result of the accident. You can be compensated for these types of injuries and expenses. Generally, auto accident victims seek what are known as compensatory damages. These are intended to """make" you whole "again""" and place you back in the same position you were before the accident occurred. There are two types of compensatory damages - economic and non-economic. Economic damages are awarded for those """out" of pocket "expenses""" that you've incurred, while non-economic damages are awarded for any pain and suffering you may have experienced. Both types may be available to auto accident victims in determing the value of their claim. In addition to normal compensatory damages, in extreme cases punitive damages may be available, if the injury was the result of the other driver's reckless or irresponsible behavior, or if the accident or the injury was caused by something about the car that is dangerous or defective that the manufacturer should have corrected. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> The Edelweiss Oxygen II 8.2mm sits in the number one spot for a half-rope with its very low-impact force and weight. For being a soft-catching and light rope, the Oxygen II puts up a giant fight against the rock and water, thanks to its HC Cover and Supereverdry treatment. The HD Cover greatly reduces abrasion and snags while allowing the rope to run fluidly through protection and across the rocks. The Oxygen II comes standard with the Supereverdry treatment, which is polymerized onto the sheath and core fibers, making it highly water and abrasion resistant. The treatment exceeds the UIAA Water Repellent standard. </s>" <s> The Edelweiss Oxygen II 8.2mm sits in the number one spot for a half-rope with its very low-impact force and weight. For being a soft-catching and light rope, the Oxygen II puts up a giant fight against the rock and water, thanks to its HC Cover and Supereverdry treatment. The HD Cover greatly reduces abrasion and snags while allowing the rope to run fluidly through protection and across the rocks. The Oxygen II comes standard with the Supereverdry treatment, which is polymerized onto the sheath and core fibers, making it highly water and abrasion resistant. The treatment exceeds the UIAA Water Repellent standard. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> If you have ever wondered how many of your connections are engaged with your profile then you’ll find that LinkedIn’s relationship tab is very useful. The relationship feature is available to both free and paying LinkedIn members, so it is a great feature if you need organize your connections in a more meaningful way. The feature also allows you to save and record information on contacts in your network that you are not yet connected to, including 2nd, 3rd and group connections. This allows you to plan your future potential prospects, so you can develop a strategy to try and connect with them. The best thing about this feature is that nobody can see the information you record. It is completely private, which makes it a great strategy for businesses and companies. If you want to save a connection or a contact, you need to click the light grey star which is located under their picture on the left hand side. After you click this, the star will turn dark grey and you will then be presented with the relationship interface. If you are connected to this person, you will see the date you connected to them on. If you are not connected, it will display the date you saved them as a contact. Once you have saved a connection, or your set of contacts under the relationship tab, then you can start profiting from your organized connections. The Note Section: This is where you can add any information that might be relevant about the contact. This can be personal, or professional. It is a good way to keep track of who you have spoken to and who you haven’t and it is also a great way to track your existing customers and their purchases. The Reminder Section: As you build your LinkedIn connections, you will find it harder and harder to follow up on old conversations. The reminder section allows you to set reminders for individual connections. You can set it to remind you in one day, one week or even one month, so you’ll never lose contact with your old clients. You can also set reoccurring reminders, to occur every few months. If you run a business then you will understand the importance of keeping in touch, and LinkedIn’s reminder feature is a great way to do this efficiently. The How You Met Section: In this section, you can detail how you met the person, whether it was through a business event, at a social gathering or even through the internet. This allows you to add a personal touch to your conversations. The Tag Section: The tag section is one of the most helpful sections in the relationship feature. Try and make sure that you tag both new and old connections. For example, are they an existing client or customer, are they a prospect, or are they a strategic alliance? A great way to start would be to create two folders. One with connections who are already existing customers, and one for hot prospects who you need to build a relationship with. The Message Section: LinkedIn has made it easier than ever to keep track of your conversations. Whether you are focused on new clients or simply trying to maintain contact with your existing customers, the message tab is incredibly useful for both businesses and individuals. </s>" <s> If you have ever wondered how many of your connections are engaged with your profile then you’ll find that LinkedIn’s relationship tab is very useful. The relationship feature is available to both free and paying LinkedIn members, so it is a great feature if you need organize your connections in a more meaningful way. The feature also allows you to save and record information on contacts in your network that you are not yet connected to, including 2nd, 3rd and group connections. This allows you to plan your future potential prospects, so you can develop a strategy to try and connect with them. The best thing about this feature is that nobody can see the information you record. It is completely private, which makes it a great strategy for businesses and companies. If you want to save a connection or a contact, you need to click the light grey star which is located under their picture on the left hand side. After you click this, the star will turn dark grey and you will then be presented with the relationship interface. If you are connected to this person, you will see the date you connected to them on. If you are not connected, it will display the date you saved them as a contact. Once you have saved a connection, or your set of contacts under the relationship tab, then you can start profiting from your organized connections. The Note Section: This is where you can add any information that might be relevant about the contact. This can be personal, or professional. It is a good way to keep track of who you have spoken to and who you haven’t and it is also a great way to track your existing customers and their purchases. The Reminder Section: As you build your LinkedIn connections, you will find it harder and harder to follow up on old conversations. The reminder section allows you to set reminders for individual connections. You can set it to remind you in one day, one week or even one month, so you’ll never lose contact with your old clients. You can also set reoccurring reminders, to occur every few months. If you run a business then you will understand the importance of keeping in touch, and LinkedIn’s reminder feature is a great way to do this efficiently. The How You Met Section: In this section, you can detail how you met the person, whether it was through a business event, at a social gathering or even through the internet. This allows you to add a personal touch to your conversations. The Tag Section: The tag section is one of the most helpful sections in the relationship feature. Try and make sure that you tag both new and old connections. For example, are they an existing client or customer, are they a prospect, or are they a strategic alliance? A great way to start would be to create two folders. One with connections who are already existing customers, and one for hot prospects who you need to build a relationship with. The Message Section: LinkedIn has made it easier than ever to keep track of your conversations. Whether you are focused on new clients or simply trying to maintain contact with your existing customers, the message tab is incredibly useful for both businesses and individuals. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Adlis llid isffagh tigariwin ad Anammas Tariq n Zyyad, isman kigan d imagraden inettiten s teàrabt d tefranisit lli yara, gh tudert nnes ghziffen gh usays n tussna, usalmad Mohamed Chafik. Ce livre rassemble les articles principaux (en français et en arabe) publiés par Mohamed Chafik tout au long de son riche parcours scientifique. This book gathers the main articles (in French or Arabic) published by Mohamed Chafik through his rich scientific carrier. </s>" <s> Adlis llid isffagh tigariwin ad Anammas Tariq n Zyyad, isman kigan d imagraden inettiten s teàrabt d tefranisit lli yara, gh tudert nnes ghziffen gh usays n tussna, usalmad Mohamed Chafik. Ce livre rassemble les articles principaux (en français et en arabe) publiés par Mohamed Chafik tout au long de son riche parcours scientifique. This book gathers the main articles (in French or Arabic) published by Mohamed Chafik through his rich scientific carrier. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> On the surface the TechShield extended warranty looks very promising. Good response to emails and they also were quick to provide me with a copy of their legal contract. It's a 5 year plan (4 + Mfr year = 5) and includes one lamp replacement. 12,000+ ASCs plus if there's not one of their participating shops in your area they will attempt to work with whoever is nearest (and qualified, i/e/, Mfr certified). TechShield is underwritten by AIG. That's the good (very good) news. The bad news, like a couple others, we found out that it is only offered to One Call customers. If you did not purchase your TV from OneCall then the TechShield warranty is not available to you. I find that unfortunate because I really had them listed as a strong contender for my EW $. Bummer. 12,000 ASCs is . There are likely not more than that many shops left in the US any more. I'll post some queries on the tech lists and forums and see what the shops know about them. Probably moot Leonard. Since they only offer their warranty plan to their own TV sales customers, it's not otherwise available to the general public. I've removed them from those under consideration, in spite of otherwise good communications. </s>" <s> On the surface the TechShield extended warranty looks very promising. Good response to emails and they also were quick to provide me with a copy of their legal contract. It's a 5 year plan (4 + Mfr year = 5) and includes one lamp replacement. 12,000+ ASCs plus if there's not one of their participating shops in your area they will attempt to work with whoever is nearest (and qualified, i/e/, Mfr certified). TechShield is underwritten by AIG. That's the good (very good) news. The bad news, like a couple others, we found out that it is only offered to One Call customers. If you did not purchase your TV from OneCall then the TechShield warranty is not available to you. I find that unfortunate because I really had them listed as a strong contender for my EW $. Bummer. 12,000 ASCs is . There are likely not more than that many shops left in the US any more. I'll post some queries on the tech lists and forums and see what the shops know about them. Probably moot Leonard. Since they only offer their warranty plan to their own TV sales customers, it's not otherwise available to the general public. I've removed them from those under consideration, in spite of otherwise good communications. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Our group is composed of independent Business Units, each with a different speciality and a strong market position in a different segment of the wine market. All Business Units work independently, to ensure entrepreneurship is cherished and nurtured. Each is responsible for all activities in their respective market segments. Expanding our distribution network in North Western Europe. Maintain and further strengthen the competitive position of the group. Continue to act as a partner and preferred supplier for key customers. Positioning the group as the ideal partner for brand-owners. Respond rapidly to the developments taking place within the international market. Reduce dependency on certain markets and product groups. Focus on consumers and brands. To turn every customer into a friend. Excellence in reputation, work with passion. Focus on Execution, walk while you talk. Be in partnership with employees. Honesty, integrity and ethics in all aspects of business. </s>" <s> Our group is composed of independent Business Units, each with a different speciality and a strong market position in a different segment of the wine market. All Business Units work independently, to ensure entrepreneurship is cherished and nurtured. Each is responsible for all activities in their respective market segments. Expanding our distribution network in North Western Europe. Maintain and further strengthen the competitive position of the group. Continue to act as a partner and preferred supplier for key customers. Positioning the group as the ideal partner for brand-owners. Respond rapidly to the developments taking place within the international market. Reduce dependency on certain markets and product groups. Focus on consumers and brands. To turn every customer into a friend. Excellence in reputation, work with passion. Focus on Execution, walk while you talk. Be in partnership with employees. Honesty, integrity and ethics in all aspects of business. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> C1 Espresso in Christchurch, New Zealand, is renowned for its pioneering espresso and recognised for its unique and quality cafe experience. In 2009, C1 Espresso owners Sam Crofskey and Fleur Bathurst and WIBDI embarked on a partnership. Coffee has been grown in Samoa since the first Europeans arrived, but it's mostly the Robusta variety, which is not suitable for espresso coffee. In 2011 a massive planting programme for Arabica coffee began with more than 300 families. The partnership is creating a sustainable coffee industry that is environmentally and socially sensitive. Families are trained to plant, process and package organic coffee for the Christchurch cafe and are in turn running a business, which provides a cash income. C1 Espresso also imports honey and fruit pulps from Samoa. Commercial honey production in Samoa stems from another WIBDI project. For more information on C1 Espresso, click here. </s>" <s> C1 Espresso in Christchurch, New Zealand, is renowned for its pioneering espresso and recognised for its unique and quality cafe experience. In 2009, C1 Espresso owners Sam Crofskey and Fleur Bathurst and WIBDI embarked on a partnership. Coffee has been grown in Samoa since the first Europeans arrived, but it's mostly the Robusta variety, which is not suitable for espresso coffee. In 2011 a massive planting programme for Arabica coffee began with more than 300 families. The partnership is creating a sustainable coffee industry that is environmentally and socially sensitive. Families are trained to plant, process and package organic coffee for the Christchurch cafe and are in turn running a business, which provides a cash income. C1 Espresso also imports honey and fruit pulps from Samoa. Commercial honey production in Samoa stems from another WIBDI project. For more information on C1 Espresso, click here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> With Christmas just around the corner, it’s time to get into the holiday spirit. Recently, we were able to help spread cheer by delivering a dumpster to Holiday On Ice in Charlotte, NC. Holiday On Ice is able to bring an outdoor ice skating rink to the people of Charlotte just in time for the holidays. Each year, between November and January skaters are able to soar through a winter wonderland. Holiday puts on a number of events during that time period including date nights, live music and even a visit from Santa. The rink is located at the NASCAR Hall of Fame Plaza, and skaters can even enter the Hall of Fame to view the exhibits. Rain or shine, the ice rink is open to all who wish to partake in the seasonal tradition. With this season ending on January 5th, there is a limited amount of time to get your wintry adventure in. We recommend getting some hot chocolate while at Holiday On Ice — just for tradition’s sake. Whether or not you make it out onto the ice this year, we wish you all a very happy holiday. If you’re interested in visiting Holiday On Ice, visit the site. </s>" <s> With Christmas just around the corner, it’s time to get into the holiday spirit. Recently, we were able to help spread cheer by delivering a dumpster to Holiday On Ice in Charlotte, NC. Holiday On Ice is able to bring an outdoor ice skating rink to the people of Charlotte just in time for the holidays. Each year, between November and January skaters are able to soar through a winter wonderland. Holiday puts on a number of events during that time period including date nights, live music and even a visit from Santa. The rink is located at the NASCAR Hall of Fame Plaza, and skaters can even enter the Hall of Fame to view the exhibits. Rain or shine, the ice rink is open to all who wish to partake in the seasonal tradition. With this season ending on January 5th, there is a limited amount of time to get your wintry adventure in. We recommend getting some hot chocolate while at Holiday On Ice — just for tradition’s sake. Whether or not you make it out onto the ice this year, we wish you all a very happy holiday. If you’re interested in visiting Holiday On Ice, visit the site. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> The Breath would like to congratulate Shane Belcourt on his recent CSA directing nomination for Kaha:wi : The Cycle of Life!!! This 45-min performance arts documentary was Produced by Jeremy Edwardes and Jim Compton for APTN and has since been sold to CBC. It has also enjoy a nice festival screening tour along with garnering a Canadian Best Cinematography award for Director of Photography James Klopko. And of course, none of this would not have existed without the brilliance of Santee Smith who originated this dance work and enabled the Breath team to creatively transform it into a big-screen piece. </s>" <s> The Breath would like to congratulate Shane Belcourt on his recent CSA directing nomination for Kaha:wi : The Cycle of Life!!! This 45-min performance arts documentary was Produced by Jeremy Edwardes and Jim Compton for APTN and has since been sold to CBC. It has also enjoy a nice festival screening tour along with garnering a Canadian Best Cinematography award for Director of Photography James Klopko. And of course, none of this would not have existed without the brilliance of Santee Smith who originated this dance work and enabled the Breath team to creatively transform it into a big-screen piece. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Kitchens of India Mirch Ka Salan - An extravagant weakness finished from succulent green chillies, carefully cooked in thick gravy of roasted peanuts, sesame seeds and almonds. Light Green Chillies (34.6%), Onions, Edible Vegetable Oil, Water, Peanuts (5.4%), Garlic, Sesame Seeds (3.6%), Ginger, Almonds (3.0%), Dry Coconuts, Tamarind, Spices & Condiments, Green Coriander Leaves, Ghee, Iodised Salt and Curry Leaves. Ingredients:Light Green Chillies (34.6%), Onions, Edible Vegetable Oil, Water, Peanuts (5.4%), Garlic, Sesame Seeds (36), Ginger, Almonds (3.0%), Dry Coconuts, Tamarind, Spices & Condiments, Green Coriander Leaves, Ghee, Iodised Salt and Curry Leaves. </s>" <s> Kitchens of India Mirch Ka Salan - An extravagant weakness finished from succulent green chillies, carefully cooked in thick gravy of roasted peanuts, sesame seeds and almonds. Light Green Chillies (34.6%), Onions, Edible Vegetable Oil, Water, Peanuts (5.4%), Garlic, Sesame Seeds (3.6%), Ginger, Almonds (3.0%), Dry Coconuts, Tamarind, Spices & Condiments, Green Coriander Leaves, Ghee, Iodised Salt and Curry Leaves. Ingredients:Light Green Chillies (34.6%), Onions, Edible Vegetable Oil, Water, Peanuts (5.4%), Garlic, Sesame Seeds (36), Ginger, Almonds (3.0%), Dry Coconuts, Tamarind, Spices & Condiments, Green Coriander Leaves, Ghee, Iodised Salt and Curry Leaves. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> LI of MN provides a variety of tube and metal fabricated products for markets including industrial, lawn care, motorcycles, ATV & UTV, construction, agriculture, furniture, and fluid movement. Lincoln Industries of Minnesota, previously DS Mfg, is proud to be part of Lincoln Industries, the largest and most diverse privately-held metal finishing company in North America. We’re proud to partner with premium brands in these markets like Graco, BesTop, Crenlo, Tennant Company, Life Fitness and many others. As part of Lincoln Industries, we now offer additional capabilities and services to our customers. Offering over 30 different metal finishes and coatings under one roof, and the largest nickel chrome plating line in North America, we are your source for unmatched finishing solutions. Lincoln Industries' core capabilities began with metal finishing over 65 years ago. Since then, our expertise has expanded and we are now able to provide customers with high quality comprehensive solutions. By providing vertically integrated tube fabrication, engineering support, supply chain management, value added services, innovative solutions and a proven customer service model Lincoln Industries has become a strategic partner for premium national brands. Lincoln Industries believes in building a talent-based organization, which starts by putting each person in a position in which they will be both passionate and successful. By using a deliberate recruiting and selection process, we are able to identify and place top talent to drive organizational growth goals. As a talent driven organization, we seek to leverage and develop each individual’s talents and abilities to enable them to grow professionally and personally during their career with Lincoln Industries. To see current listings available click here. </s>" <s> LI of MN provides a variety of tube and metal fabricated products for markets including industrial, lawn care, motorcycles, ATV & UTV, construction, agriculture, furniture, and fluid movement. Lincoln Industries of Minnesota, previously DS Mfg, is proud to be part of Lincoln Industries, the largest and most diverse privately-held metal finishing company in North America. We’re proud to partner with premium brands in these markets like Graco, BesTop, Crenlo, Tennant Company, Life Fitness and many others. As part of Lincoln Industries, we now offer additional capabilities and services to our customers. Offering over 30 different metal finishes and coatings under one roof, and the largest nickel chrome plating line in North America, we are your source for unmatched finishing solutions. Lincoln Industries' core capabilities began with metal finishing over 65 years ago. Since then, our expertise has expanded and we are now able to provide customers with high quality comprehensive solutions. By providing vertically integrated tube fabrication, engineering support, supply chain management, value added services, innovative solutions and a proven customer service model Lincoln Industries has become a strategic partner for premium national brands. Lincoln Industries believes in building a talent-based organization, which starts by putting each person in a position in which they will be both passionate and successful. By using a deliberate recruiting and selection process, we are able to identify and place top talent to drive organizational growth goals. As a talent driven organization, we seek to leverage and develop each individual’s talents and abilities to enable them to grow professionally and personally during their career with Lincoln Industries. To see current listings available click here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Super star Rajnikanth’s latest flick Lingaa, is all set for a huge release this Friday in over 2000 screens world wide. Interesting update is that this family entertainer is releasing in over 300 screens in US alone including Tamil and Telugu, which is a new record for any south Indian film till date. Jagapathi Babu will be seen as the antagonist in this flick, which also stars Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka as the female leads. K S Ravi Kumar directs this flick, and A R Rahman composes the music. </s>" <s> Super star Rajnikanth’s latest flick Lingaa, is all set for a huge release this Friday in over 2000 screens world wide. Interesting update is that this family entertainer is releasing in over 300 screens in US alone including Tamil and Telugu, which is a new record for any south Indian film till date. Jagapathi Babu will be seen as the antagonist in this flick, which also stars Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka as the female leads. K S Ravi Kumar directs this flick, and A R Rahman composes the music. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Cassidys Catering understands that only the best will do on your special day. Combined with our reputation for excellence, we provide wedding catering solutions that are as unique as what you envision your wedding to be. Let us complement your tastes with a menu sourced from the finest produce. Thinking of a two to three course sit-down dinner? Or perhaps a classy cocktail reception, marquee catering with food stations or a stylish buffet? No matter your preference, we’ll deliver delicious contemporary cuisine served with passion to leave your guests raving after the last bite. We aim to give your wedding the personal touch it deserves. From the first consultation we’ll ensure that we capture your ideas and vision, culminating in a customised menu that will be an unforgettable dining experience. You can be assured that Cassidys Catering is dedicated to making your wedding a momentous occasion. </s>" <s> Cassidys Catering understands that only the best will do on your special day. Combined with our reputation for excellence, we provide wedding catering solutions that are as unique as what you envision your wedding to be. Let us complement your tastes with a menu sourced from the finest produce. Thinking of a two to three course sit-down dinner? Or perhaps a classy cocktail reception, marquee catering with food stations or a stylish buffet? No matter your preference, we’ll deliver delicious contemporary cuisine served with passion to leave your guests raving after the last bite. We aim to give your wedding the personal touch it deserves. From the first consultation we’ll ensure that we capture your ideas and vision, culminating in a customised menu that will be an unforgettable dining experience. You can be assured that Cassidys Catering is dedicated to making your wedding a momentous occasion. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The goal of every site owner is to see their site first in the results of Search Engines. There is a constant need for maximize number of users to their sites. This is best way to do search engine optimization with the help of SEO company services technique. The technology used by us at Hei Web Creations is helpful, and which has already proven its expertise to increase the potential number for the Internet users of more than one hundred customer sites. Instead of the filling pages with key words we create Clear Path links for the high-ranking support and bring visitors to your site for as multiple users. Our company can take the necessary steps to catapult your business to ranking success. We will Identify your needs first - What do you need from professional SEO services? Is it better ranking? More high-quality traffic or an increase in conversions? If you are assured about what you are looking for, choosing an appropriate service provider becomes easier. Our company specialise enhancing traffic flow and topping the SERPs. Search engines perform algorithmic calculations is to determine the suitability of the content supply to your site from the content sought to the algorithmic calculations are also called organic or natural. Hei Web Creations ‘s techniques are of two types they are namely -White Hat Techniques, Google ad word, social media marketing, YouTube marketing, content marketing, reputation management. Hei Web Creations service provider offers a great variety of online services including SEO, web design, link building, reputation management, digital marketing, social optimisation and content writing. Due to use of these practices; we are able to gather greatest results for our clients. This is a clear path and technology, priority is given to the adequacy of the contents for search and make sure that support information-seeker has to offer, when we start a site. We also offer the best type of optimization service, regardless of whether the site is fully developed or not. We have highly qualified and experienced professionals to deal with your business. And the goal is to help you regardless of the size of your company, or the idea behind the construction of your site. We give importance to quality and, indeed, guarantee you the satisfaction with the services they offer is redundant. Be sure that you choose our SEO Services and for these you can always refer to the testimonial. Our company provide different services to their customers and make them aware of superior techniques we provide to them. Our credible SEO service with experienced professionals will always be transparent regarding our services. You will always know what methods we are incorporating to get you your intended results. </s>" <s> The goal of every site owner is to see their site first in the results of Search Engines. There is a constant need for maximize number of users to their sites. This is best way to do search engine optimization with the help of SEO company services technique. The technology used by us at Hei Web Creations is helpful, and which has already proven its expertise to increase the potential number for the Internet users of more than one hundred customer sites. Instead of the filling pages with key words we create Clear Path links for the high-ranking support and bring visitors to your site for as multiple users. Our company can take the necessary steps to catapult your business to ranking success. We will Identify your needs first - What do you need from professional SEO services? Is it better ranking? More high-quality traffic or an increase in conversions? If you are assured about what you are looking for, choosing an appropriate service provider becomes easier. Our company specialise enhancing traffic flow and topping the SERPs. Search engines perform algorithmic calculations is to determine the suitability of the content supply to your site from the content sought to the algorithmic calculations are also called organic or natural. Hei Web Creations ‘s techniques are of two types they are namely -White Hat Techniques, Google ad word, social media marketing, YouTube marketing, content marketing, reputation management. Hei Web Creations service provider offers a great variety of online services including SEO, web design, link building, reputation management, digital marketing, social optimisation and content writing. Due to use of these practices; we are able to gather greatest results for our clients. This is a clear path and technology, priority is given to the adequacy of the contents for search and make sure that support information-seeker has to offer, when we start a site. We also offer the best type of optimization service, regardless of whether the site is fully developed or not. We have highly qualified and experienced professionals to deal with your business. And the goal is to help you regardless of the size of your company, or the idea behind the construction of your site. We give importance to quality and, indeed, guarantee you the satisfaction with the services they offer is redundant. Be sure that you choose our SEO Services and for these you can always refer to the testimonial. Our company provide different services to their customers and make them aware of superior techniques we provide to them. Our credible SEO service with experienced professionals will always be transparent regarding our services. You will always know what methods we are incorporating to get you your intended results. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> More than 100 top STEM students from across the country were a part of the annual event. Students making up the team from Woodall School, near Tahlequah, Oklahoma, were Cherokee Nation citizens Ty Brant, 12 and Taylor Wingo, 12, as well as Anthony Maldonado, 13, and Benjamin Woolen, 13. Wingo, who did the core values for the team, also constructed a board about recycling. Brant said the experience motivated him to try to solve worldly problems such as hunger and cancer. As captain on the team, he said his job is to make sure everything is going properly. “Currently, I’m making sure everything on the vex (metal robot) and Lego robots are working and reprogramming the Lego because it lost the programs. The vex doesn’t need to be programmed because it is manually controlled by a remote,” he said. Maldonado said his motivation was seeing so many intelligent kids in one place at one time. “That gives me hope that our generation will fix many problems,” he said. Dr. Geary Crofford, science teacher at Woodall, said they talk about many concepts during the competitions, including teamwork, good attitude and optimism. Woolen said during their project they also discuss the benefits of recycling and explaining more thorough about what the metal robot (vex) and what the Lego robot does. Crofford said his students are being recognized at the highest level for their knowledge, skills and hard work and he could not be happier or more proud. “It also shows Woodall is a school that has a top-flight and a well-rounded educational environment,” he added. Article courtesy of Jami Murphy and the Cherokee Phoenix. </s>" <s> More than 100 top STEM students from across the country were a part of the annual event. Students making up the team from Woodall School, near Tahlequah, Oklahoma, were Cherokee Nation citizens Ty Brant, 12 and Taylor Wingo, 12, as well as Anthony Maldonado, 13, and Benjamin Woolen, 13. Wingo, who did the core values for the team, also constructed a board about recycling. Brant said the experience motivated him to try to solve worldly problems such as hunger and cancer. As captain on the team, he said his job is to make sure everything is going properly. “Currently, I’m making sure everything on the vex (metal robot) and Lego robots are working and reprogramming the Lego because it lost the programs. The vex doesn’t need to be programmed because it is manually controlled by a remote,” he said. Maldonado said his motivation was seeing so many intelligent kids in one place at one time. “That gives me hope that our generation will fix many problems,” he said. Dr. Geary Crofford, science teacher at Woodall, said they talk about many concepts during the competitions, including teamwork, good attitude and optimism. Woolen said during their project they also discuss the benefits of recycling and explaining more thorough about what the metal robot (vex) and what the Lego robot does. Crofford said his students are being recognized at the highest level for their knowledge, skills and hard work and he could not be happier or more proud. “It also shows Woodall is a school that has a top-flight and a well-rounded educational environment,” he added. Article courtesy of Jami Murphy and the Cherokee Phoenix. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Whether you are brand new to the activity or looking to improve your skills, we have a variety of instructional lessons that help to break down policy debate’s theory and argument types. UW debater Mary Marcum (class of 2016) was an expert topicality debater. In this annotated power point lecture, she walks you through the theory of topicality, using examples from the 2016-2017 China Topic. </s>" <s> Whether you are brand new to the activity or looking to improve your skills, we have a variety of instructional lessons that help to break down policy debate’s theory and argument types. UW debater Mary Marcum (class of 2016) was an expert topicality debater. In this annotated power point lecture, she walks you through the theory of topicality, using examples from the 2016-2017 China Topic. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> + I have a non-Voodoo video card. Why won't Independence War play with accelerated graphics with my card? + I have a GeForce video accelerator card. Whenever I try to run I-War, it crashes. What can I do? + Everytime I load Independence War or Defiance, I get tired of seeing those intro logos/movies. Can I get rid of them? + I've played through I-War and now I'm at Defiance. When I try to run Defiance, it crashes. I have DirectX 5 or lower. What's happening? + My CPU is 600Mhz and over. When I attack ships in the game, I see the shots impact the hulls of the other vessels and I hear the impact noise, but no damage is registered, or the damage barely creeps up. Am I just a bad shot or is something wrong? + In Defiance with software mode, COSA fighters have a blue, untextured underside. I am playing the US version of the game. What can I do to fix this? + Can I change the game language? + How do I activate the LaGrange point selector? + I have a Voodoo 3 2000 PCI card. All the ships are doubled and/or flashing in a wierd way. Little help, please? + I'm a little stuck on the Defiance Mission ""Confusion"". Any help? +When playing WEP Advanced II, I eliminate all the Indies and am left with that carrier. I can damage it, but eventually the damage doesn't go up. Is this a bug or am I missing something? + Help with Extreme Prejudice, please? + Having trouble with At All Costs. Any general tips? + What are Aggressor Sheilds? + How do I dock the probe to the array in ""Broken Contact""? Q: I have a non-Voodoo video card. Why won't Independence War play with accelerated graphics with my card? A: The Independence War game engine is old. At the time of it's release, Voodoo cards were the most prominant form of video acceleration on the market. This was before cards such as the GeForce, TNT2, and D3D became popular or even sold! Thus, if you don't have a Voodoo card you must play the game in software mode. And don't give up the game now because you don't have the right graphics card! Software mode graphics are great as they are (especially in Defiance) and the graphics are not the only thing that I-War is about. Modify the Genesis command in mission script. Take, for example, the infinity mission (Mission99.scr). Find Genesis 10,L4 and replace it with Genesis 15,L4. This of course places you in different star system, but at least you get ship textures back. Q: I have a GeForce video accelerator card. Whenever I try to run I-War, it crashes. What can I do? 1) Go to the control pannel and click on the Display Properties. Go to the Settings tab and click on the ""Advanced"" button on the lower right corner. Your GeForce proporties will now appear. In this properties window, click on the ""Performance"" tab and lower the hardware acceleration to none. Now try running I-War. 3) To get Geforce to not activate it's accelerator, you need to go to DXdiag. type Dxdiag in the run box of windows. Located in your start button. When the program comes on screen. Go to display and disable Direct Draw Acceleration. The game shouldn't drop to desktop anymore. The only thing you'll have to remember to do when you finish playing the game is to reactivate that Button and make sure all the buttons below it change to enable; or the games that do work for your Geforce card....will not work. The good thing about doing it this way is that you don't have to reboot your system for the changes to take effect. Q: Everytime I load Independence War or Defiance, I get tired of seeing those intro logos/movies. Can I get rid of them? Q: I've played through I-War and now I'm at Defiance. When I try to run Defiance, it crashes. I have DirectX 5 or lower. What's happening? A: Defiance requires DirectX 6 to be installed. DirectX 6 is included on the Defiance CD. Q: My CPU is 600Mhz and over. When I attack ships in the game, I see the shots impact the hulls of the other vessels and I hear the impact noise, but no damage is registered, or the damage barely creeps up. Am I just a bad shot or is something wrong? A: In many cases like this the processor is actually too fast for I-War's old game engine to be able to handle. You must slow down the processor. If you know how to do this with BIOS, try it. However, there are programs available to slow down the processor. While I can't find the link someone gave me for one a while ago, I know that one can search for them with search engines. Q: In Defiance with software mode, COSA fighters have a blue, untextured underside. I am playing the US version of the game. What can I do to fix this? A: Somehow, Particle Systems forgot to include some textures for the software-mode COSA fighter. However, the 3dFX textures can be used in place of the software textures. Q: Can I change the game language? A: There is a selection of German, French, and English (default) for Independence War. However, Defiance was only made in English. To switch langauges with the original campaign, right click on your I-War shortcut. Add a ""-english"", ""-german"", or ""-french"" to the command line. Q: How do I enable the LaGrange point selector? A: Right-click on your command line shortcut and click on ""properties"". Go to the command line window and add -lagrange to the end of the target line. Make sure you do this outside of the quotation marks of the command line. Now run the game. Go to the GSV view of at the Command Station (F1) and select a system. At the bottom of the screen you will see a ""Select LaGrange"" button. Push it and the next time you pass through a LaGrange point you will travel to the selected system. This feature was disabled in the release version because no Navy captain should be wondering around when he's on a mission, right? Note that this only works with the US, Deluxe, or Special Editions of Independence War. Q: I have a Voodoo 3 2000 PCI card. All the ships are doubled and/or flashing in a wierd way. Little help, please? A: Special thanks to Particle Systems' Steve Robertson for this answer: Turn the 'triple buffering' option off in your Voodoo card control panel. Q: I'm a little stuck on the Defiance Mission ""Confusion"". Any help? A: I only got 100% on this once, and that was a lucky one. Not even Steve ever got that high of a score, so this one is definatly tough. First, make sure you have an assault loadout for this mission. I use double-front PBC for all of my missions because it packs a big punch when I attack a target. When you finish off those initial navy ships, then wait about 2k behind the LaGrange point. When the Navy fleet comes in, give them a REM up their tails. Order your wingmen to attack certain targets close to the escaping mobile-base-sections. If anyone else moves in for the attack, the wingmen will get to them quickly when you order them. Q: When playing WEP Advanced II, I eliminate all the Indies and am left with that carrier. I can damage it, but eventually the damage doesn't go up. Is this a bug or am I missing something? A: This is probably a bug, although it only seems to have come up recently. Try using missiles first, if you have some. If that doesn't work, divert anti-matter reserves to the PBCs. This can be acomplished by going to the ENG screen then clicking on the ""AM Injector"" tab under the ""Power"" catagory. Once you are there, you will see a small status area on the lower left of the ENG screen. You will also see a small checkbox. Check it, and Antimatter will bleed into your power systems, giving it a significant boost. WARNING: AM Injector puts strain on the cooling systems. If the cooling systems are damanged while the AM is flowin', you will overheat and die. However, once the AM is depleted or you disengage the AM Injector, the cooling systems will do an emergency cool. Q: Help with Extreme Prejudice, please? A: Stay near the President's ship. A good tactic is to make it your nav target and then match velocities with it (F9). That way, your ship will keep up with it while in thruster mode and you'll be able to pivot on all or axes and fight Indies without getting too far from King. You can adjust your location relative to the Excalabur by applying override thrust (a and z) or lateral thrust. Use missiles on ships that you can tell are coming towards you. Instruct your wingman, ""Force"" to defend the Excalabur with wingman key 4. Finally, as general tips- try the WEP station if you don't use it already. If you don't like that wireframe version of the Dreadnaught, push RIGHT + SHIFT to get a forward-facing view. Also, with the WEP station, you can utilize your aft missile magazines on incoming ships. Simply turn your tail towards them in WEP mode until the WEP display reads ""Aft Mag- Seeker"", select the targets, and fire away! It'll conserve your forward-facing missiles for when you need them. Q: Having trouble with At All Costs. Any general tips? While Admiral Yarwood is making his opening dialogue, use the time to LDS to the Navy PatComs and destroy them. I think you have aggressor shields at this time, so you can simply ram them with the aggressor shields (tell us if you don't know how to do this) in LDS and continue to the next PatCom. Once you've finished them, you can go to the Marine transports and knock some of them off. You don't usually have to get them all unless you want to, the spiderguns will usually take care of them. Then, LDS to the waiting Navy capital ships. I usually go to within 14k of the gathering. Then, using the WEP station, I kill the Navy PatComs there with 2-3 missiles for each from my aft missile magazines. Then, I use REM missiles on each destroyer in succession until they are eliminated. Now you only have the Excalabur, and after a while King will begin to move off. The rest is cake. Q: What are Aggressor Sheilds? A: The aggressor shield is a mod to your normal ""instant shield"", which is activated by the ""Insert"" key or the ""0"" key on your num-pad. If you engage the shield in time before you hit something (accidentally, presumably), then the shields cause a magnetic overload in the LDA system which will repel all mater for about three seconds. After that, the power consumption is too high and you must wait a little bit before you can use the Instant Shield again. With the Aggressor Shield, one can intentionally ram another ship but engage the Instant Shield before colliding. This way, you bounce off with little or no damage and quite a lot of damage to your opponent. Note that you do receive minor but very temporary damage to your LDAs in Defiance depending on the relative size of the ship you ram and the shield is available throughout the game. In regular Independence War/I-War, the Aggressor Shield is given as Special Ordinance in later missions. Q: How do I dock the probe to the array in ""Broken Contact""? A: The dialogue in this one is misleading, mainly the ""base of the structure"" bit. Make sure that you are going towards the tip of the internal antenna ""spire"", right into what looks like a little pupil in it's top. You can either use the A key, as Anon said, or you can nudge the probe into the ""arms"" of the array, select the array as your target, and use the AutoDock (F8) to dock with it. The probe should dock all on its own and you don't need to bother with it after that. If you have any questions or additions to the FAQ, I implore you to send them to me at Monoliths@yahoo.com Any idea is welcome! </s>" <s> + I have a non-Voodoo video card. Why won't Independence War play with accelerated graphics with my card? + I have a GeForce video accelerator card. Whenever I try to run I-War, it crashes. What can I do? + Everytime I load Independence War or Defiance, I get tired of seeing those intro logos/movies. Can I get rid of them? + I've played through I-War and now I'm at Defiance. When I try to run Defiance, it crashes. I have DirectX 5 or lower. What's happening? + My CPU is 600Mhz and over. When I attack ships in the game, I see the shots impact the hulls of the other vessels and I hear the impact noise, but no damage is registered, or the damage barely creeps up. Am I just a bad shot or is something wrong? + In Defiance with software mode, COSA fighters have a blue, untextured underside. I am playing the US version of the game. What can I do to fix this? + Can I change the game language? + How do I activate the LaGrange point selector? + I have a Voodoo 3 2000 PCI card. All the ships are doubled and/or flashing in a wierd way. Little help, please? + I'm a little stuck on the Defiance Mission """Confusion""." Any help? +When playing WEP Advanced II, I eliminate all the Indies and am left with that carrier. I can damage it, but eventually the damage doesn't go up. Is this a bug or am I missing something? + Help with Extreme Prejudice, please? + Having trouble with At All Costs. Any general tips? + What are Aggressor Sheilds? + How do I dock the probe to the array in """Broken" "Contact""?" Q: I have a non-Voodoo video card. Why won't Independence War play with accelerated graphics with my card? A: The Independence War game engine is old. At the time of it's release, Voodoo cards were the most prominant form of video acceleration on the market. This was before cards such as the GeForce, TNT2, and D3D became popular or even sold! Thus, if you don't have a Voodoo card you must play the game in software mode. And don't give up the game now because you don't have the right graphics card! Software mode graphics are great as they are (especially in Defiance) and the graphics are not the only thing that I-War is about. Modify the Genesis command in mission script. Take, for example, the infinity mission (Mission99.scr). Find Genesis 10,L4 and replace it with Genesis 15,L4. This of course places you in different star system, but at least you get ship textures back. Q: I have a GeForce video accelerator card. Whenever I try to run I-War, it crashes. What can I do? 1) Go to the control pannel and click on the Display Properties. Go to the Settings tab and click on the """Advanced""" button on the lower right corner. Your GeForce proporties will now appear. In this properties window, click on the """Performance""" tab and lower the hardware acceleration to none. Now try running I-War. 3) To get Geforce to not activate it's accelerator, you need to go to DXdiag. type Dxdiag in the run box of windows. Located in your start button. When the program comes on screen. Go to display and disable Direct Draw Acceleration. The game shouldn't drop to desktop anymore. The only thing you'll have to remember to do when you finish playing the game is to reactivate that Button and make sure all the buttons below it change to enable; or the games that do work for your Geforce card....will not work. The good thing about doing it this way is that you don't have to reboot your system for the changes to take effect. Q: Everytime I load Independence War or Defiance, I get tired of seeing those intro logos/movies. Can I get rid of them? Q: I've played through I-War and now I'm at Defiance. When I try to run Defiance, it crashes. I have DirectX 5 or lower. What's happening? A: Defiance requires DirectX 6 to be installed. DirectX 6 is included on the Defiance CD. Q: My CPU is 600Mhz and over. When I attack ships in the game, I see the shots impact the hulls of the other vessels and I hear the impact noise, but no damage is registered, or the damage barely creeps up. Am I just a bad shot or is something wrong? A: In many cases like this the processor is actually too fast for I-War's old game engine to be able to handle. You must slow down the processor. If you know how to do this with BIOS, try it. However, there are programs available to slow down the processor. While I can't find the link someone gave me for one a while ago, I know that one can search for them with search engines. Q: In Defiance with software mode, COSA fighters have a blue, untextured underside. I am playing the US version of the game. What can I do to fix this? A: Somehow, Particle Systems forgot to include some textures for the software-mode COSA fighter. However, the 3dFX textures can be used in place of the software textures. Q: Can I change the game language? A: There is a selection of German, French, and English (default) for Independence War. However, Defiance was only made in English. To switch langauges with the original campaign, right click on your I-War shortcut. Add a """-english""," """-german""," or """-french""" to the command line. Q: How do I enable the LaGrange point selector? A: Right-click on your command line shortcut and click on """properties""." Go to the command line window and add -lagrange to the end of the target line. Make sure you do this outside of the quotation marks of the command line. Now run the game. Go to the GSV view of at the Command Station (F1) and select a system. At the bottom of the screen you will see a """Select" "LaGrange""" button. Push it and the next time you pass through a LaGrange point you will travel to the selected system. This feature was disabled in the release version because no Navy captain should be wondering around when he's on a mission, right? Note that this only works with the US, Deluxe, or Special Editions of Independence War. Q: I have a Voodoo 3 2000 PCI card. All the ships are doubled and/or flashing in a wierd way. Little help, please? A: Special thanks to Particle Systems' Steve Robertson for this answer: Turn the 'triple buffering' option off in your Voodoo card control panel. Q: I'm a little stuck on the Defiance Mission """Confusion""." Any help? A: I only got 100% on this once, and that was a lucky one. Not even Steve ever got that high of a score, so this one is definatly tough. First, make sure you have an assault loadout for this mission. I use double-front PBC for all of my missions because it packs a big punch when I attack a target. When you finish off those initial navy ships, then wait about 2k behind the LaGrange point. When the Navy fleet comes in, give them a REM up their tails. Order your wingmen to attack certain targets close to the escaping mobile-base-sections. If anyone else moves in for the attack, the wingmen will get to them quickly when you order them. Q: When playing WEP Advanced II, I eliminate all the Indies and am left with that carrier. I can damage it, but eventually the damage doesn't go up. Is this a bug or am I missing something? A: This is probably a bug, although it only seems to have come up recently. Try using missiles first, if you have some. If that doesn't work, divert anti-matter reserves to the PBCs. This can be acomplished by going to the ENG screen then clicking on the """AM" "Injector""" tab under the """Power""" catagory. Once you are there, you will see a small status area on the lower left of the ENG screen. You will also see a small checkbox. Check it, and Antimatter will bleed into your power systems, giving it a significant boost. WARNING: AM Injector puts strain on the cooling systems. If the cooling systems are damanged while the AM is flowin', you will overheat and die. However, once the AM is depleted or you disengage the AM Injector, the cooling systems will do an emergency cool. Q: Help with Extreme Prejudice, please? A: Stay near the President's ship. A good tactic is to make it your nav target and then match velocities with it (F9). That way, your ship will keep up with it while in thruster mode and you'll be able to pivot on all or axes and fight Indies without getting too far from King. You can adjust your location relative to the Excalabur by applying override thrust (a and z) or lateral thrust. Use missiles on ships that you can tell are coming towards you. Instruct your wingman, """Force""" to defend the Excalabur with wingman key 4. Finally, as general tips- try the WEP station if you don't use it already. If you don't like that wireframe version of the Dreadnaught, push RIGHT + SHIFT to get a forward-facing view. Also, with the WEP station, you can utilize your aft missile magazines on incoming ships. Simply turn your tail towards them in WEP mode until the WEP display reads """Aft" Mag- "Seeker""," select the targets, and fire away! It'll conserve your forward-facing missiles for when you need them. Q: Having trouble with At All Costs. Any general tips? While Admiral Yarwood is making his opening dialogue, use the time to LDS to the Navy PatComs and destroy them. I think you have aggressor shields at this time, so you can simply ram them with the aggressor shields (tell us if you don't know how to do this) in LDS and continue to the next PatCom. Once you've finished them, you can go to the Marine transports and knock some of them off. You don't usually have to get them all unless you want to, the spiderguns will usually take care of them. Then, LDS to the waiting Navy capital ships. I usually go to within 14k of the gathering. Then, using the WEP station, I kill the Navy PatComs there with 2-3 missiles for each from my aft missile magazines. Then, I use REM missiles on each destroyer in succession until they are eliminated. Now you only have the Excalabur, and after a while King will begin to move off. The rest is cake. Q: What are Aggressor Sheilds? A: The aggressor shield is a mod to your normal """instant" "shield""," which is activated by the """Insert""" key or the """0""" key on your num-pad. If you engage the shield in time before you hit something (accidentally, presumably), then the shields cause a magnetic overload in the LDA system which will repel all mater for about three seconds. After that, the power consumption is too high and you must wait a little bit before you can use the Instant Shield again. With the Aggressor Shield, one can intentionally ram another ship but engage the Instant Shield before colliding. This way, you bounce off with little or no damage and quite a lot of damage to your opponent. Note that you do receive minor but very temporary damage to your LDAs in Defiance depending on the relative size of the ship you ram and the shield is available throughout the game. In regular Independence War/I-War, the Aggressor Shield is given as Special Ordinance in later missions. Q: How do I dock the probe to the array in """Broken" "Contact""?" A: The dialogue in this one is misleading, mainly the """base" of the "structure""" bit. Make sure that you are going towards the tip of the internal antenna """spire""," right into what looks like a little pupil in it's top. You can either use the A key, as Anon said, or you can nudge the probe into the """arms""" of the array, select the array as your target, and use the AutoDock (F8) to dock with it. The probe should dock all on its own and you don't need to bother with it after that. If you have any questions or additions to the FAQ, I implore you to send them to me at Monoliths@yahoo.com Any idea is welcome! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Thanks for choosing AutoNation Chevrolet Doral when shopping for used 2011 Lexus ES 350 vehicles for sale in Doral, near Kendall & Westchester. Take a moment to explore our latest Chevy lease deals on some of our most popular models like the Chevrolet Silverado 1500, the new Chevy Equinox, and the Chevy Cruze. We also offer incredible used car specials, and with AutoNation 1Price, you can be confident that you’re getting a great used car deal in Doral. For more information on Vehicle Financing, how to Schedule Service Online, or help Ordering Chevy Parts, please Contact Us Online, Call Us at: (786) 220-0901, or stop by our Doral Chevy dealership today! </s>" <s> Thanks for choosing AutoNation Chevrolet Doral when shopping for used 2011 Lexus ES 350 vehicles for sale in Doral, near Kendall & Westchester. Take a moment to explore our latest Chevy lease deals on some of our most popular models like the Chevrolet Silverado 1500, the new Chevy Equinox, and the Chevy Cruze. We also offer incredible used car specials, and with AutoNation 1Price, you can be confident that you’re getting a great used car deal in Doral. For more information on Vehicle Financing, how to Schedule Service Online, or help Ordering Chevy Parts, please Contact Us Online, Call Us at: (786) 220-0901, or stop by our Doral Chevy dealership today! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Which Of These Popular Subscription Services Do You Really Need? Can we get by without subscribing to “premium”? Consumer buying habits are moving toward simpler, more straightforward retail experiences. We have gone beyond buying products on a one-off basis, and have evolved to renting, sharing, subscribing goods and services. The subscription model is great for customers because it gives us convenience. In terms of demand, we can choose when we want the product, and terminate the subscription as we wish. Payment wise, the price of a monthly subscription is almost always more attractive than buying a product one-off. The simplicity and affordability of the flat monthly payments saves the hassle and thoughts of having to constantly reorder. Some companies also adopt a “freemium” model, where they provide services we can use for free, with select premium features unavailable inless we pay a premium subscription fee to get full access to the service. While the on-demand option is great, signing up for a even few of these and the membership fees can really add substantially to your monthly expenses. Which begs the question: To what extent do we as customers profit from these relationships, and are we really using these services to get our money’s worth? Let’s look at 3 popular subscription services and assess whether it makes sense for you to continue paying for these services. Spotify is one of the first and biggest digital music subscription services, enabling us to access millions of songs on our phones, computers and tablets. The music streaming service benefits customers who don’t wish to purchase an entire album to listen to a couple of songs, and customers who wish to listen to a variety without breaking the bank. 1. Spotify Free: Allows users to listen to playlists in shuffle mode only, with advertisements in between. 2. Spotify Premium: Ad-free, on-demand, and gives you the option of downloading your playlists and albums to listen to them offline. It comes at a premium of $9.90, but students enjoy Spotify Premium at a discounted price of $4.99. There’s also the Spotify Family option, which allows 5 users premium access to the music service at $14.98, which is by far, the most value-for-money deal Spotify has to offer. While the ads can be intrusive to the music experience, it really is a personal preference. If you can stomach the ads, you can use Spotify Free indefinitely, and it wouldn’t affect you. If you decide to pay the premium, one way of assessing whether it makes sense to pay for it would be to consider how many of the premium perks you use, and to what extent these perks enhance your music experience. If customizing your own playlists and taking them offline are features you would use daily, and would be integral to the way you access and enjoy music, then the premium would be justified. Netflix’s launch in Singapore last year changed the way we watched movie and TV shows (legally). For a flat monthly fee, you get to stream your favourite content whenever and wherever you wish. How much you actually use Netflix also plays a part in how much value you get out of being charged a flat fee every month, so the one month free trial lets you check your usage of the service before considering getting the subscription. Should you decide to get the service, Netflix comes at three price points: Basic ($10.98), Standard ($13.98) and Premium ($16.98). Basic lets you stream content at 720p, Standard lets you stream content at HD in up to two devices, and Premium gives you 4K quality in up to four devices. The upside to Netflix is that it’s legal and we have on-demand access to both Netflix Original content and licensed content. In this sense, Netflix offers an affordable, higher quality alternative to torrenting and online streaming, which is unreliable and probably illegal. The on-demand quality also makes Netflix miles better than shows on TV. Gone are the days where we’d plan our schedules carefully around our favourite prime-time movies on Channel 5. We can easily get our movie fix whenever with a few clicks. However, because of international licensing issues, Netflix Singapore doesn’t give us the full Armageddon of content that Netflix USA affords. They tend to offer more old movies and TV series than latest blockbusters, which is important to consider. They usually bring TV series onto Netflix by the season, so you’d have to wait awhile for the entire season to be out to be able to binge on your favourite shows. That being said, exclusive shows like Game of Thrones will not be available on the platform, so it also boils down to the type of content you want to watch. Collaborative work and storage tools have grown to become synonymous with Dropbox, Google Drive and even Amazon Cloud Storage. Like Spotify, services like Dropbox offer ‘freemium’ membership, where we get 2GB of space for free and 1TB of space if we sign up for Dropbox Pro, which sets us back by $99 a year. There are little things you can do to get more space in your free Dropbox account, such as referring new users, following the Dropbox social media pages, or joining Dropbox challenges. There are other services that offer a little more storage space for free, such as Google Drive (15GB). When evaluating whether your Dropbox Pro membership is worth the cost, consider how much space you are using. 1TB is quite an increase from the free 2GB. However, if you only end up using 20 GB, you’re technically paying $99 to use 20GB a year, which does not work out to be a very good deal. If it reaches a certain point where the free storage services are not enough to meet your needs, then it may be well justified to get a Pro membership. It should be noted, however, that while only one competitor in each field was evaluated in this article, the article sought to assess the nature of the product rather than the company itself. Each market determines how attractive the premium memberships are in relation to the free ones. Subscription packages are very attractive, but whether they really make our money worthwhile depends on how they fulfill our needs and actual usage of the products. What Happens When Insurance Agents Are Paid Huge Sums Of Money To Join Another Company? </s>" <s> Which Of These Popular Subscription Services Do You Really Need? Can we get by without subscribing to “premium”? Consumer buying habits are moving toward simpler, more straightforward retail experiences. We have gone beyond buying products on a one-off basis, and have evolved to renting, sharing, subscribing goods and services. The subscription model is great for customers because it gives us convenience. In terms of demand, we can choose when we want the product, and terminate the subscription as we wish. Payment wise, the price of a monthly subscription is almost always more attractive than buying a product one-off. The simplicity and affordability of the flat monthly payments saves the hassle and thoughts of having to constantly reorder. Some companies also adopt a “freemium” model, where they provide services we can use for free, with select premium features unavailable inless we pay a premium subscription fee to get full access to the service. While the on-demand option is great, signing up for a even few of these and the membership fees can really add substantially to your monthly expenses. Which begs the question: To what extent do we as customers profit from these relationships, and are we really using these services to get our money’s worth? Let’s look at 3 popular subscription services and assess whether it makes sense for you to continue paying for these services. Spotify is one of the first and biggest digital music subscription services, enabling us to access millions of songs on our phones, computers and tablets. The music streaming service benefits customers who don’t wish to purchase an entire album to listen to a couple of songs, and customers who wish to listen to a variety without breaking the bank. 1. Spotify Free: Allows users to listen to playlists in shuffle mode only, with advertisements in between. 2. Spotify Premium: Ad-free, on-demand, and gives you the option of downloading your playlists and albums to listen to them offline. It comes at a premium of $9.90, but students enjoy Spotify Premium at a discounted price of $4.99. There’s also the Spotify Family option, which allows 5 users premium access to the music service at $14.98, which is by far, the most value-for-money deal Spotify has to offer. While the ads can be intrusive to the music experience, it really is a personal preference. If you can stomach the ads, you can use Spotify Free indefinitely, and it wouldn’t affect you. If you decide to pay the premium, one way of assessing whether it makes sense to pay for it would be to consider how many of the premium perks you use, and to what extent these perks enhance your music experience. If customizing your own playlists and taking them offline are features you would use daily, and would be integral to the way you access and enjoy music, then the premium would be justified. Netflix’s launch in Singapore last year changed the way we watched movie and TV shows (legally). For a flat monthly fee, you get to stream your favourite content whenever and wherever you wish. How much you actually use Netflix also plays a part in how much value you get out of being charged a flat fee every month, so the one month free trial lets you check your usage of the service before considering getting the subscription. Should you decide to get the service, Netflix comes at three price points: Basic ($10.98), Standard ($13.98) and Premium ($16.98). Basic lets you stream content at 720p, Standard lets you stream content at HD in up to two devices, and Premium gives you 4K quality in up to four devices. The upside to Netflix is that it’s legal and we have on-demand access to both Netflix Original content and licensed content. In this sense, Netflix offers an affordable, higher quality alternative to torrenting and online streaming, which is unreliable and probably illegal. The on-demand quality also makes Netflix miles better than shows on TV. Gone are the days where we’d plan our schedules carefully around our favourite prime-time movies on Channel 5. We can easily get our movie fix whenever with a few clicks. However, because of international licensing issues, Netflix Singapore doesn’t give us the full Armageddon of content that Netflix USA affords. They tend to offer more old movies and TV series than latest blockbusters, which is important to consider. They usually bring TV series onto Netflix by the season, so you’d have to wait awhile for the entire season to be out to be able to binge on your favourite shows. That being said, exclusive shows like Game of Thrones will not be available on the platform, so it also boils down to the type of content you want to watch. Collaborative work and storage tools have grown to become synonymous with Dropbox, Google Drive and even Amazon Cloud Storage. Like Spotify, services like Dropbox offer ‘freemium’ membership, where we get 2GB of space for free and 1TB of space if we sign up for Dropbox Pro, which sets us back by $99 a year. There are little things you can do to get more space in your free Dropbox account, such as referring new users, following the Dropbox social media pages, or joining Dropbox challenges. There are other services that offer a little more storage space for free, such as Google Drive (15GB). When evaluating whether your Dropbox Pro membership is worth the cost, consider how much space you are using. 1TB is quite an increase from the free 2GB. However, if you only end up using 20 GB, you’re technically paying $99 to use 20GB a year, which does not work out to be a very good deal. If it reaches a certain point where the free storage services are not enough to meet your needs, then it may be well justified to get a Pro membership. It should be noted, however, that while only one competitor in each field was evaluated in this article, the article sought to assess the nature of the product rather than the company itself. Each market determines how attractive the premium memberships are in relation to the free ones. Subscription packages are very attractive, but whether they really make our money worthwhile depends on how they fulfill our needs and actual usage of the products. What Happens When Insurance Agents Are Paid Huge Sums Of Money To Join Another Company? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> 2 Comments on ""Icy days and new friends."" Omg.....Love the video of Luna with Koji...so sorry I will not be at Saints tomorrow ....roads are not good with the snow and ice here. I was so looking forward to meeting Koji; and will miss seeing everyone. Happy New Year to Carol, staff, and all volunteers. </s>" <s> 2 Comments on """Icy" days and new "friends.""" Omg.....Love the video of Luna with Koji...so sorry I will not be at Saints tomorrow ....roads are not good with the snow and ice here. I was so looking forward to meeting Koji; and will miss seeing everyone. Happy New Year to Carol, staff, and all volunteers. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> 1. I selected a short section (approx 4 seconds) from a video clip, using v2.7, and saved as mp4. I did not cut on I-frames. 2. I opened the resulting short clip using v2.7, and copied and pasted 3 times onto the timeline. When I tried to save, the program failed (see attached images). This happened on several re-tries. 3. I then opened the same short clip using v2.5, and again and copied and pasted 3 times onto the timeline. When I saved, the program had no problems. The resulting clip is perfect. v.2.5 is consistently reliable when replicating JPEGs and short clips on the timeline; later versions are not. First of all, please ensure you test with the latest nightly (even if the latest nightly is currently missing a bunch of pretty important fixes), the 2.7.0 release is old, 2.5 is dead. Apart from that, please provide the result of Step 1 as sample and the admlog.txt from the Step 2. It looks like you reencoded, it is irrelevant where the cuts were located then. By the way, ""not responding"" is not an error. The Avidemux log (%localappdata%\avidemux/admlog.txt) would allow to judge what is really going on here. How can I provide the results of Step 1? The result was a short video clip and I find no way to attach it. The incident I am reporting occurred with 2.7.0 (180114_e867d3a4642-fflibs 3.3.5). These things happen as I am in the midst of projects; I don't always have time to report them instantly. Please use a service like WeTransfer (no, you don't need to give WeTransfer an email address for that) and post the URL generated by the service to access the sample here. admlog.txt ist small enough to be attached here once compressed, especially when using 7z for that. Many design features of 2.5 are incompatible with modern codecs and new possibilities like hardware accelerated decoding and encoding, this is the reason 2.6 was developed. The feature to export a selection as a set of images should be not too difficult to restore (it is basically still there, just disabled because parts of it didn't work). I used a workaround - used ""append"" multiple times instead of copy/paste. I also used v2.5 to copy/paste, then saved that and used it in v2.7. Any re-encoding was done by v2.7 when I opened the cut clip. I'm on to another project and the workaround got me through this one. Thanks again! Indeed, pasting the same video which doesn't start at zero at the first frame results in a crash (pasting elsewhere, e.g. at the end is fine) because there is no keyframe in the first segment. Should be fixed by [editor] Fix crash saving video after pasting from clipboard to the first frame with a non-zero PTS. </s>" <s> 1. I selected a short section (approx 4 seconds) from a video clip, using v2.7, and saved as mp4. I did not cut on I-frames. 2. I opened the resulting short clip using v2.7, and copied and pasted 3 times onto the timeline. When I tried to save, the program failed (see attached images). This happened on several re-tries. 3. I then opened the same short clip using v2.5, and again and copied and pasted 3 times onto the timeline. When I saved, the program had no problems. The resulting clip is perfect. v.2.5 is consistently reliable when replicating JPEGs and short clips on the timeline; later versions are not. First of all, please ensure you test with the latest nightly (even if the latest nightly is currently missing a bunch of pretty important fixes), the 2.7.0 release is old, 2.5 is dead. Apart from that, please provide the result of Step 1 as sample and the admlog.txt from the Step 2. It looks like you reencoded, it is irrelevant where the cuts were located then. By the way, """not" "responding""" is not an error. The Avidemux log (%localappdata%\avidemux/admlog.txt) would allow to judge what is really going on here. How can I provide the results of Step 1? The result was a short video clip and I find no way to attach it. The incident I am reporting occurred with 2.7.0 (180114_e867d3a4642-fflibs 3.3.5). These things happen as I am in the midst of projects; I don't always have time to report them instantly. Please use a service like WeTransfer (no, you don't need to give WeTransfer an email address for that) and post the URL generated by the service to access the sample here. admlog.txt ist small enough to be attached here once compressed, especially when using 7z for that. Many design features of 2.5 are incompatible with modern codecs and new possibilities like hardware accelerated decoding and encoding, this is the reason 2.6 was developed. The feature to export a selection as a set of images should be not too difficult to restore (it is basically still there, just disabled because parts of it didn't work). I used a workaround - used """append""" multiple times instead of copy/paste. I also used v2.5 to copy/paste, then saved that and used it in v2.7. Any re-encoding was done by v2.7 when I opened the cut clip. I'm on to another project and the workaround got me through this one. Thanks again! Indeed, pasting the same video which doesn't start at zero at the first frame results in a crash (pasting elsewhere, e.g. at the end is fine) because there is no keyframe in the first segment. Should be fixed by [editor] Fix crash saving video after pasting from clipboard to the first frame with a non-zero PTS. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The Sony XB650BT is one of the best wireless headphone available online in the budget of Rs. 6000. Its Comfort fit and Heavy bass feature gives you long listening comfort. 30 mm Neodymium drivers enable this headphone to deliver deep punchy sound with precise clearity across the frequency spectrum. Integrated Mic makes it easier to take calls while listening music. 4 hours of charging will make you enable to use the headphone for 30 hours. </s>" <s> The Sony XB650BT is one of the best wireless headphone available online in the budget of Rs. 6000. Its Comfort fit and Heavy bass feature gives you long listening comfort. 30 mm Neodymium drivers enable this headphone to deliver deep punchy sound with precise clearity across the frequency spectrum. Integrated Mic makes it easier to take calls while listening music. 4 hours of charging will make you enable to use the headphone for 30 hours. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Ford Manual Transmission Identification Numbers is good choice for you that looking for nice reading experience. We hope you glad to visit our website. Please read our description and our privacy and policy page. Finally I get this ebook, thanks for all these Ford Manual Transmission Identification Numbers can get now! </s>" <s> Ford Manual Transmission Identification Numbers is good choice for you that looking for nice reading experience. We hope you glad to visit our website. Please read our description and our privacy and policy page. Finally I get this ebook, thanks for all these Ford Manual Transmission Identification Numbers can get now! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Fancy a sensational view of one of the world's most glorious harbours? Are you moderately fit? Brave and, above all, not scared of heights? If you can answer yes to the above then why not take on the Vertigo Climb at Auckland's Sky Tower. Did we say at? We really meant up! Yes you can climb the highest man-made viewing platform in the Southern Hemisphere - a vertigo inducing 300 metres above street level - and get breathtaking views that few people get to see. Organisers say you can see both of Auckland's harbours - the Waitemata and Manukau - as well as the Tasman Sea and Pacific Ocean. Throw in the islands of the Waitemata Harbour and up to 48 volcanoes and you have more than enough to keep your attention. The daily climbs take 2.5 hours. </s>" <s> Fancy a sensational view of one of the world's most glorious harbours? Are you moderately fit? Brave and, above all, not scared of heights? If you can answer yes to the above then why not take on the Vertigo Climb at Auckland's Sky Tower. Did we say at? We really meant up! Yes you can climb the highest man-made viewing platform in the Southern Hemisphere - a vertigo inducing 300 metres above street level - and get breathtaking views that few people get to see. Organisers say you can see both of Auckland's harbours - the Waitemata and Manukau - as well as the Tasman Sea and Pacific Ocean. Throw in the islands of the Waitemata Harbour and up to 48 volcanoes and you have more than enough to keep your attention. The daily climbs take 2.5 hours. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> The Village of North Palm Beach will be receiving sealed proposals to provide Restaurant and Banquet Facility Operator Services as part of a New Golf and Country Club for the Village of North Palm Beach. Sealed proposals (one original plus seven copies and one digital copy -USB flash drive or CD) will be received by the Village Clerk’s Office at 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408 until 2:15 p.m. EST on April 18, 2018. Any proposals received after the time specified will not be accepted and shall be returned unopened to the Proposer. All proposals will be publicly opened and read aloud in the Village Council Chambers. The Request for Proposals is open to inspection and may be obtained at Village Hall, 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408, on DemandStar or on the Village’s website: www.village-npb.org. A Pre-Proposal Conference will be held at 10:00 a.m. on January 9, 2018 at the Village Hall, 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408. Attendance is strongly encouraged. The Village of North Palm Beach reserves the right to reject any or all proposals, to waive technicalities, and to re-advertise. The award, if made, will be made to the most responsive Proposer whose proposal is determined by the Village, in its sole discretion, to be most advantageous. January 9, 2018 @ 10:00 a.m. </s>" <s> The Village of North Palm Beach will be receiving sealed proposals to provide Restaurant and Banquet Facility Operator Services as part of a New Golf and Country Club for the Village of North Palm Beach. Sealed proposals (one original plus seven copies and one digital copy -USB flash drive or CD) will be received by the Village Clerk’s Office at 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408 until 2:15 p.m. EST on April 18, 2018. Any proposals received after the time specified will not be accepted and shall be returned unopened to the Proposer. All proposals will be publicly opened and read aloud in the Village Council Chambers. The Request for Proposals is open to inspection and may be obtained at Village Hall, 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408, on DemandStar or on the Village’s website: www.village-npb.org. A Pre-Proposal Conference will be held at 10:00 a.m. on January 9, 2018 at the Village Hall, 501 U.S. Highway One, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408. Attendance is strongly encouraged. The Village of North Palm Beach reserves the right to reject any or all proposals, to waive technicalities, and to re-advertise. The award, if made, will be made to the most responsive Proposer whose proposal is determined by the Village, in its sole discretion, to be most advantageous. January 9, 2018 @ 10:00 a.m. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The Runaways at CBGB. Cherie Currie, Jackie Fox, Sandy West, Lita Ford & Joan Jett at CBGB. Wallpaper and background images in the Les Runaways club tagged: the runaways image cherie currie jackie fox sandy west lita ford joan jett. </s>" <s> The Runaways at CBGB. Cherie Currie, Jackie Fox, Sandy West, Lita Ford & Joan Jett at CBGB. Wallpaper and background images in the Les Runaways club tagged: the runaways image cherie currie jackie fox sandy west lita ford joan jett. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Saint Elizabeth Court offers the comfort of home, with the security of knowing that our staff is just minutes away. Each resident has a private apartment, varying in size, with monthly rental rates ranging from $3300-$4400. We do not charge an application fee or ""add on"" fees for additional services provided. Rental assistance is available to residents who qualify to receive Medicaid waiver benefits. Saint Elizabeth Court offers a welcoming reception to residents and visitors alike. Residents are cared for just like family, and the comforts of home are evident throughout the residence. The Court has common space for participating in group exercise class, attending faith services, or sipping coffee with a neighbor. Residents have access to a wide variety of services and individualized care while living at Saint Elizabeth Court Assisted Living Residence. Personal assistance, housekeeping, and laundry services are available if desired. Emergency response systems are in place within resident's apartments and throughout the building for 24 hour nursing support. </s>" <s> Saint Elizabeth Court offers the comfort of home, with the security of knowing that our staff is just minutes away. Each resident has a private apartment, varying in size, with monthly rental rates ranging from $3300-$4400. We do not charge an application fee or """add" "on""" fees for additional services provided. Rental assistance is available to residents who qualify to receive Medicaid waiver benefits. Saint Elizabeth Court offers a welcoming reception to residents and visitors alike. Residents are cared for just like family, and the comforts of home are evident throughout the residence. The Court has common space for participating in group exercise class, attending faith services, or sipping coffee with a neighbor. Residents have access to a wide variety of services and individualized care while living at Saint Elizabeth Court Assisted Living Residence. Personal assistance, housekeeping, and laundry services are available if desired. Emergency response systems are in place within resident's apartments and throughout the building for 24 hour nursing support. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The restaurant and catering sector is one of the largest industries which serves the expectations of millions daily. While everyone visits establishments like restaurants with their own sets of expectations, it is up to the players in this sector to ensure those expectations are being met. To achieve these expectations, companies are increasingly turning towards big data solutions which helps them understand and deliver on the customer’s choice. According to a report, more than 57 percent of small to medium enterprises have adopted analytics solutions, and restaurants are one of the top sectors embracing this change. One of the key use cases of big data in the restaurant sector includes menu personalization, which can in turn help drive up sales. Business owners depending on past data can estimate which food item or beverage is most in demand and hence ensure that their inventory is sufficiently stacked with the same items. By analyzing reviews and ratings, they can see which items are being most consumed or are rated highest, while at the same time finding out what food items their customers didn’t like. This will help them decide what changes to make in the menu, while at the same time helping them revamp options and come up with better offerings. Big Data can further help business owners identify their customer food preferences and a personalized customer offer based on this can be generated. This leads to customer satisfaction. Questions such as what to serve, when to serve, how to price?, etc. can quickly be answered with the help of big data solutions in place. Push notifications and special offers can be forwarded to a user on occasions such as birthdays and anniversaries which will help raise profits as well as increase customer loyalty and engagement. Big data analytics can provide insights into factors such as traffic conditions, which directly affects the delivery of food items. By using this, a customer can be notified of possible delays and exact delivery time which will not leave him waiting. Also, the insights would come in handy given there are certain food items such as pizza, which taste good if it is hot and fresh. Hence, based on the ideas obtained, the restaurant owner can ensure the rider takes the best possible route which takes the least time to deliver the order and increase customer satisfaction. An effective marketing strategy relies on effective communication as well as sales. There is no point for businesses to market their ‘Freshly made Pasta’ to someone who loves Mexican cuisine. Big Data in such times comes off as a great help, given it can help segment customers and help businesses plan which demographics to target. Analyzing factors such as average income, age, nationalities, as well as food allergies, can help you decide which offers to launch, when to launch, and finally predict approximate sales per dollar spent on marketing. If the number comes out to be positive, the campaign is fruitful or else you need to rethink your marketing strategy altogether. A restaurant tends to have a plethora of day to day activities starting from cooking to delivery, from serving to storing, and without a proper demand, supply forecast the operations may come crashing down. Based on an average day to day consumption, restaurants can stock up their inventories, since a shortage would be bad for business, and too many food items in stock would turn stale. They can further forecast revenues and can implement solutions which optimize operations and thus raise profits. Big Data has helped the restaurant owners break the shackles which they were tied in for ages. It has further helped them break the common misconception of ‘average guest’ prevalent in the sector. Many business owners believed that targeting high-value customers who pay more is the sign of success. However, upon analysis, it was found that in their effort to focus on high-paying customers, they are losing their less paying loyal customers who generate fixed revenue for these ventures. Whatsoever be the case, big data possesses a number of opportunities for the restaurant and catering sector. With proper tools in place, restaurants and diners can run a more targeted marketing campaign which delivers strong conversion rates while at the same time increasing the operation efficiency of the establishment. There is not a shred of doubt that this new trend of data is here to stay. </s>" <s> The restaurant and catering sector is one of the largest industries which serves the expectations of millions daily. While everyone visits establishments like restaurants with their own sets of expectations, it is up to the players in this sector to ensure those expectations are being met. To achieve these expectations, companies are increasingly turning towards big data solutions which helps them understand and deliver on the customer’s choice. According to a report, more than 57 percent of small to medium enterprises have adopted analytics solutions, and restaurants are one of the top sectors embracing this change. One of the key use cases of big data in the restaurant sector includes menu personalization, which can in turn help drive up sales. Business owners depending on past data can estimate which food item or beverage is most in demand and hence ensure that their inventory is sufficiently stacked with the same items. By analyzing reviews and ratings, they can see which items are being most consumed or are rated highest, while at the same time finding out what food items their customers didn’t like. This will help them decide what changes to make in the menu, while at the same time helping them revamp options and come up with better offerings. Big Data can further help business owners identify their customer food preferences and a personalized customer offer based on this can be generated. This leads to customer satisfaction. Questions such as what to serve, when to serve, how to price?, etc. can quickly be answered with the help of big data solutions in place. Push notifications and special offers can be forwarded to a user on occasions such as birthdays and anniversaries which will help raise profits as well as increase customer loyalty and engagement. Big data analytics can provide insights into factors such as traffic conditions, which directly affects the delivery of food items. By using this, a customer can be notified of possible delays and exact delivery time which will not leave him waiting. Also, the insights would come in handy given there are certain food items such as pizza, which taste good if it is hot and fresh. Hence, based on the ideas obtained, the restaurant owner can ensure the rider takes the best possible route which takes the least time to deliver the order and increase customer satisfaction. An effective marketing strategy relies on effective communication as well as sales. There is no point for businesses to market their ‘Freshly made Pasta’ to someone who loves Mexican cuisine. Big Data in such times comes off as a great help, given it can help segment customers and help businesses plan which demographics to target. Analyzing factors such as average income, age, nationalities, as well as food allergies, can help you decide which offers to launch, when to launch, and finally predict approximate sales per dollar spent on marketing. If the number comes out to be positive, the campaign is fruitful or else you need to rethink your marketing strategy altogether. A restaurant tends to have a plethora of day to day activities starting from cooking to delivery, from serving to storing, and without a proper demand, supply forecast the operations may come crashing down. Based on an average day to day consumption, restaurants can stock up their inventories, since a shortage would be bad for business, and too many food items in stock would turn stale. They can further forecast revenues and can implement solutions which optimize operations and thus raise profits. Big Data has helped the restaurant owners break the shackles which they were tied in for ages. It has further helped them break the common misconception of ‘average guest’ prevalent in the sector. Many business owners believed that targeting high-value customers who pay more is the sign of success. However, upon analysis, it was found that in their effort to focus on high-paying customers, they are losing their less paying loyal customers who generate fixed revenue for these ventures. Whatsoever be the case, big data possesses a number of opportunities for the restaurant and catering sector. With proper tools in place, restaurants and diners can run a more targeted marketing campaign which delivers strong conversion rates while at the same time increasing the operation efficiency of the establishment. There is not a shred of doubt that this new trend of data is here to stay. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> 27 Monetary Advisor Advertising Concepts & Methods That Work! I might actually leverage my time by placing one web site on one set of enterprise playing cards. This website would ahead to a lead capture page where I might have the ability to build a listing. My listing of prospects would then be confirmed my different house businesses over time (as soon as a relationship is established). This might be the most effective approach to capitalize on ALL of your businesses. The process is sort of outstanding. You will develop into acquainted with the function of finance and its implication for danger, earnings and control, credit situations and a agency’s state of liquidity. You’ll examine sources of capital and company borrowing, value of capital idea and optimal capital construction, and capital finances decision making. Sumner concludes that earnings restate­ ments could possibly be coming if this seems to a difficulty within the current SEC investigation of Dell’s accounting. As for Dell shares, he would not recommend them. Accruals embody wages, payroll taxes, interest payable and worker benefits accruals corresponding to pension funds. As a labor-associated class, it ought to fluctuate in accordance with payroll policy. For example, if wages are paid weekly, the accrual category ought to seldom exceed one week’s payroll and payroll taxes. Could also be you will not get such faster and dramatic outcomes but right here is an advice for that if something exhibits optimistic outcome repeat it and things which don’t show much and faster improvement depart them. This workshop is delivered as a flipped classroom – watch the videos earlier than the class and put together to discuss the activity at school. Throughout 2006 – 2007.. er, sorry,.. 1796 – 1797 there was a collection of downturns in the credit score market that led to broader business downturns on sides of the Atlantic. In 1796, the land speculation bubble burst as properly. To make issues worse, England and France were at war and the English have been afraid of an invasion by France. Consequently, there was a run on the Bank of England. The Parliament, so as protect their remaining gold reserves and forestall insolvency, ordered the Financial institution of England to suspended fee for fiat foreign money in species thus making the fiat forex mainly worthless. Bundle your cable, television and telephone traces to get the cheaper upgrades for the companies. Most of the these corporations have enterprise ties with each other that they offer low cost bundled products. Be aware that their promotion runs for 12 or 24 months solely and you should renew them to keep on paying the promotional rates. Asset-backed safety: A safety that’s collateralized by loans, leases, receivables, or installment contracts on personal property, not real property. An officer or owner borrowing from the enterprise is the worst type of observe receivable. If an officer takes money from the enterprise, it must be declared as a dividend or withdrawal and reflected as a reduction in net value. Treating it in another means results in doable manipulation of the enterprise’s acknowledged web price. Banks and other lending establishments often condemn this apply. Our monetary system is in want of passionate and educated leaders to solve global economic issues and assist companies plan for a greater future. The financial industry is present process a vast transformation as the global economy regains energy and companies broaden into new markets. Financial experts with a deep understanding of emerging macro-financial traits and experience with new applied sciences and regulatory standards are in excessive demand. Beyond mathematical formulation, tomorrow’s monetary leaders must understand how marketplace conditions drive business strategy. In response to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), 70 percent of global financial institution executives consider that understanding macro-financial tendencies is crucial to creating banking technique. Throughout economic down turns stock prices are low and this can be a good time to purchase in view of long term development. A straightforward method to begin investing is to put money into mutual funds. A mutual fund is a pool of monies managed by an expert fund manager. The fund supervisor invests these monies into completely different belongings for a payment. There are mutual funds which you could invest as little as N5, 000. Controllable prices include bonuses, revenue-sharing plan costs, the journey and leisure funds and vehicle or other short term leasing prices. Segregating non controllable and controllable expenses helps the credit analyst to determine the costs that have to be coated for the company to stay in business and the costs that could probably be lowered with a purpose to enhance the profitability. Personal a enterprise? It can be all-consuming, and frankly overwhelming at instances. Fascinated by your total financial scenario, and learn how to plan your future can generally fall off the listing of priorities. Investing a small amount of time now nonetheless will reward you in myriad ways later in life, whereas letting you get on with running your corporation at this time. In the finance module, under the current debt part there are containers for interest rate, current debt due this year and borrow. The extra debt your company has the upper the rate of interest as a result of your company presents more danger to debt holders. The present debt field displays the current debt due from the previous year. On January 1st of the current spherical, final 12 months’s debt is paid off routinely. Part 4.four.1 on page 15 of the Capstone team member guide provides a wonderful clarification of present debt. One other place to look when trimming your organization is extra workers. We have found that a carrier needs one non-driving worker, including owners, for each seven drivers. If your organization is approach over the mark, evaluate your processes and be sure to are not paying folks simply to shuffle paper around. In reviewing the operations of a specific company, we found that only a few loads had been being booked during the morning hours, and then right before the top of the day, a number of masses miraculously can be entered into the system. We concluded the corporate had too many dispatchers. The company eliminated two and never missed a beat. Budgets represent an organization’s future monetary roadmap. Most corporations prepare companywide budgets on an annual foundation. Completely different budget models exist in business. These can include either a centralized or decentralized model. Companies can choose which technique they believe works best for his or her working setting and the accounting strategies an organization uses to record financial data. What I did was to hire another person to run my enterprise, while I remained the first product” on which we earned our revenues. I created the expertise, wrote the books, and presented the findings to audiences, whereas the President of my company discovered and managed the people who performed the in-market research, wrote the consulting proposals, and shared with me the day-to-day supply of our consulting providers. We shared an assistant to handle admin and paperwork, schedule meetings and consumer calls, and so on. Unknown to potential recruits, it does not matter how the MDRTs had been achieved, MDRTs can simply be produced with creative means to show up for the company’s portfolio. How did the economic recession have an effect on our lives? Saving money now’s more necessary than ever before. These four unusual ways to avoid wasting everyday is effective, surely. </s>" <s> 27 Monetary Advisor Advertising Concepts & Methods That Work! I might actually leverage my time by placing one web site on one set of enterprise playing cards. This website would ahead to a lead capture page where I might have the ability to build a listing. My listing of prospects would then be confirmed my different house businesses over time (as soon as a relationship is established). This might be the most effective approach to capitalize on ALL of your businesses. The process is sort of outstanding. You will develop into acquainted with the function of finance and its implication for danger, earnings and control, credit situations and a agency’s state of liquidity. You’ll examine sources of capital and company borrowing, value of capital idea and optimal capital construction, and capital finances decision making. Sumner concludes that earnings restate­ ments could possibly be coming if this seems to a difficulty within the current SEC investigation of Dell’s accounting. As for Dell shares, he would not recommend them. Accruals embody wages, payroll taxes, interest payable and worker benefits accruals corresponding to pension funds. As a labor-associated class, it ought to fluctuate in accordance with payroll policy. For example, if wages are paid weekly, the accrual category ought to seldom exceed one week’s payroll and payroll taxes. Could also be you will not get such faster and dramatic outcomes but right here is an advice for that if something exhibits optimistic outcome repeat it and things which don’t show much and faster improvement depart them. This workshop is delivered as a flipped classroom – watch the videos earlier than the class and put together to discuss the activity at school. Throughout 2006 – 2007.. er, sorry,.. 1796 – 1797 there was a collection of downturns in the credit score market that led to broader business downturns on sides of the Atlantic. In 1796, the land speculation bubble burst as properly. To make issues worse, England and France were at war and the English have been afraid of an invasion by France. Consequently, there was a run on the Bank of England. The Parliament, so as protect their remaining gold reserves and forestall insolvency, ordered the Financial institution of England to suspended fee for fiat foreign money in species thus making the fiat forex mainly worthless. Bundle your cable, television and telephone traces to get the cheaper upgrades for the companies. Most of the these corporations have enterprise ties with each other that they offer low cost bundled products. Be aware that their promotion runs for 12 or 24 months solely and you should renew them to keep on paying the promotional rates. Asset-backed safety: A safety that’s collateralized by loans, leases, receivables, or installment contracts on personal property, not real property. An officer or owner borrowing from the enterprise is the worst type of observe receivable. If an officer takes money from the enterprise, it must be declared as a dividend or withdrawal and reflected as a reduction in net value. Treating it in another means results in doable manipulation of the enterprise’s acknowledged web price. Banks and other lending establishments often condemn this apply. Our monetary system is in want of passionate and educated leaders to solve global economic issues and assist companies plan for a greater future. The financial industry is present process a vast transformation as the global economy regains energy and companies broaden into new markets. Financial experts with a deep understanding of emerging macro-financial traits and experience with new applied sciences and regulatory standards are in excessive demand. Beyond mathematical formulation, tomorrow’s monetary leaders must understand how marketplace conditions drive business strategy. In response to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), 70 percent of global financial institution executives consider that understanding macro-financial tendencies is crucial to creating banking technique. Throughout economic down turns stock prices are low and this can be a good time to purchase in view of long term development. A straightforward method to begin investing is to put money into mutual funds. A mutual fund is a pool of monies managed by an expert fund manager. The fund supervisor invests these monies into completely different belongings for a payment. There are mutual funds which you could invest as little as N5, 000. Controllable prices include bonuses, revenue-sharing plan costs, the journey and leisure funds and vehicle or other short term leasing prices. Segregating non controllable and controllable expenses helps the credit analyst to determine the costs that have to be coated for the company to stay in business and the costs that could probably be lowered with a purpose to enhance the profitability. Personal a enterprise? It can be all-consuming, and frankly overwhelming at instances. Fascinated by your total financial scenario, and learn how to plan your future can generally fall off the listing of priorities. Investing a small amount of time now nonetheless will reward you in myriad ways later in life, whereas letting you get on with running your corporation at this time. In the finance module, under the current debt part there are containers for interest rate, current debt due this year and borrow. The extra debt your company has the upper the rate of interest as a result of your company presents more danger to debt holders. The present debt field displays the current debt due from the previous year. On January 1st of the current spherical, final 12 months’s debt is paid off routinely. Part 4.four.1 on page 15 of the Capstone team member guide provides a wonderful clarification of present debt. One other place to look when trimming your organization is extra workers. We have found that a carrier needs one non-driving worker, including owners, for each seven drivers. If your organization is approach over the mark, evaluate your processes and be sure to are not paying folks simply to shuffle paper around. In reviewing the operations of a specific company, we found that only a few loads had been being booked during the morning hours, and then right before the top of the day, a number of masses miraculously can be entered into the system. We concluded the corporate had too many dispatchers. The company eliminated two and never missed a beat. Budgets represent an organization’s future monetary roadmap. Most corporations prepare companywide budgets on an annual foundation. Completely different budget models exist in business. These can include either a centralized or decentralized model. Companies can choose which technique they believe works best for his or her working setting and the accounting strategies an organization uses to record financial data. What I did was to hire another person to run my enterprise, while I remained the first product” on which we earned our revenues. I created the expertise, wrote the books, and presented the findings to audiences, whereas the President of my company discovered and managed the people who performed the in-market research, wrote the consulting proposals, and shared with me the day-to-day supply of our consulting providers. We shared an assistant to handle admin and paperwork, schedule meetings and consumer calls, and so on. Unknown to potential recruits, it does not matter how the MDRTs had been achieved, MDRTs can simply be produced with creative means to show up for the company’s portfolio. How did the economic recession have an effect on our lives? Saving money now’s more necessary than ever before. These four unusual ways to avoid wasting everyday is effective, surely. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Mendoza, Jonathan S., Danison M. Pagtakhan, and Jose Benito A. Abraham. ""Comparative analysis on the efficacy and safety profile of upper calyceal versus lower calyceal access in the percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL): A retrospective cross-sectional study."" Philippine Journal of Urology 27.1 (2017): 6-10. Mendoza, Jonathan S., Danison M. Pagtakhan, and Jose Benito A. Abraham. ""Comparative analysis on the efficacy and safety profile of upper calyceal versus lower calyceal access in the percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL): A retrospective cross-sectional study."" Philippine Journal of Urology 27, no.1 (2017): 6-10. INTRODUCTION: The goal of PCNL is to achieve a high stone-free rate while minimizing complications. Its success results from an interplay of patient, stone and renal anatomical characteristics, the access site and the level of surgical expertise. Data comparing upper versus lower calyceal PCNL as regard to efficacy and safety are limited. OBJECTIVE: To compare the clinical efficacy and safety outcomes of upper versus lower calyceal access in patients who underwent PCNL at St. Luke's Medical Center. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was done on patients who underwent PCNL at SLMC from January 2010-January 2015. The patients were classified based on the renal access site: Group 1 (upper calyceal) and Group 2 (lower calyceal). The stones were classified according to Guy Stone score and complications were summarized using the modified Clavien classification. RESULTS: A total pf 91 patients underwent PCNL during the study period. Of these, only 84 patients were analyzed. Seven were excluded due to lack or incomplete postoperative imaging on follow up. Forty-one were included in Group 1, while 43 were included in Group 2. According to the Guy Stone score, the stones in Group 1 were 21(IV), 6(III), 7(II) and 6(I) while in Group 2, 18(IV), 5(III), 8(II), 12(I) (p-value=0.52) with a mean stone volume of 38.2± 44.24cm3 and 28.0± 31.04cm3 in Groups 1 and 2 respectively (p-value= 0.23). Success rate was 80.5% and 83.7% for Groups 1 and 2 (p-value=0.70), respectively and mean stone clearance rates of 98.5% and 95.8% (p-value=0.13),respectively. The mean operative time was 181.0±82.26 and 169.5±52.12mins for Groups 1 and 2 (p-value=0.451),respectively. A total of 36 complications (13 from Group 1 and 23 from Group 2) were evaluated. Fever (Grade 1) occurred in 10 (24%) and 17(39%) for Groups 1 and 2, respectively. Blood transfusion (Grade 2) was observed in 4(9%) patients and 3(7%) in Groups 1 and 2, respectively. Two patients (5%) in Group 2 required postoperative double-J sent insertion due to ureteral stone migration (Grade 3). There was no significant difference noted among the groups as regards complication rates (p-value=0.097) and length of hospital stay (p-value=0.687). There was no mortality in either group. CONCLUSION: Based on our experience, both upper and lower calyceal access PCNL achieve equivalent efficacy and comparable safety profile in the treatment of complex renal stones. </s>" <s> Mendoza, Jonathan S., Danison M. Pagtakhan, and Jose Benito A. Abraham. """Comparative" analysis on the efficacy and safety profile of upper calyceal versus lower calyceal access in the percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL): A retrospective cross-sectional "study.""" Philippine Journal of Urology 27.1 (2017): 6-10. Mendoza, Jonathan S., Danison M. Pagtakhan, and Jose Benito A. Abraham. """Comparative" analysis on the efficacy and safety profile of upper calyceal versus lower calyceal access in the percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL): A retrospective cross-sectional "study.""" Philippine Journal of Urology 27, no.1 (2017): 6-10. INTRODUCTION: The goal of PCNL is to achieve a high stone-free rate while minimizing complications. Its success results from an interplay of patient, stone and renal anatomical characteristics, the access site and the level of surgical expertise. Data comparing upper versus lower calyceal PCNL as regard to efficacy and safety are limited. OBJECTIVE: To compare the clinical efficacy and safety outcomes of upper versus lower calyceal access in patients who underwent PCNL at St. Luke's Medical Center. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was done on patients who underwent PCNL at SLMC from January 2010-January 2015. The patients were classified based on the renal access site: Group 1 (upper calyceal) and Group 2 (lower calyceal). The stones were classified according to Guy Stone score and complications were summarized using the modified Clavien classification. RESULTS: A total pf 91 patients underwent PCNL during the study period. Of these, only 84 patients were analyzed. Seven were excluded due to lack or incomplete postoperative imaging on follow up. Forty-one were included in Group 1, while 43 were included in Group 2. According to the Guy Stone score, the stones in Group 1 were 21(IV), 6(III), 7(II) and 6(I) while in Group 2, 18(IV), 5(III), 8(II), 12(I) (p-value=0.52) with a mean stone volume of 38.2± 44.24cm3 and 28.0± 31.04cm3 in Groups 1 and 2 respectively (p-value= 0.23). Success rate was 80.5% and 83.7% for Groups 1 and 2 (p-value=0.70), respectively and mean stone clearance rates of 98.5% and 95.8% (p-value=0.13),respectively. The mean operative time was 181.0±82.26 and 169.5±52.12mins for Groups 1 and 2 (p-value=0.451),respectively. A total of 36 complications (13 from Group 1 and 23 from Group 2) were evaluated. Fever (Grade 1) occurred in 10 (24%) and 17(39%) for Groups 1 and 2, respectively. Blood transfusion (Grade 2) was observed in 4(9%) patients and 3(7%) in Groups 1 and 2, respectively. Two patients (5%) in Group 2 required postoperative double-J sent insertion due to ureteral stone migration (Grade 3). There was no significant difference noted among the groups as regards complication rates (p-value=0.097) and length of hospital stay (p-value=0.687). There was no mortality in either group. CONCLUSION: Based on our experience, both upper and lower calyceal access PCNL achieve equivalent efficacy and comparable safety profile in the treatment of complex renal stones. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> F) County Council On-Line Voting Voting . 1) Formal minutes of GPLAC meetings shall include only a record of decisions taken on a particular proposal or motion, as well who voted for, against or stood aside, and a record of all outstanding concerns. 2) An official audiotape be made of every meeting, which would be used to settle questions about the minutes or anything else of the meeting's proceedings. Taping of the meeting shall be the responsibility of the Co-Coordinators and the Secretary. For GPLAC officers like Co-Coordinator, Secretary and Treasurer, and for Regional Representative to the Coordinating Committee of the Green Party of California (or other such elections), the election shall be conducted so as disclose the intentions of the voter. To accomplish this, County Councilmembers would rank their choices on a written ballot, using the Single Transferable Vote, and would indentify themselves on the ballot. 1) Any person appointed to the County Council at a face-to-face meeting, can participate at the next face-to-face meeting or as part of post-meeting on-line or conference call votes, as soon as their Nomination Petition signatures are validated. 2) Nomination Petition signatures shall be validated within seven business days of their delivery to either of the GPLAC co-coordinators. Nomination Petitions may be delivered before a County Council meeting or at a County Council meeting. 3) The Co-Coordinators and the Secretary shall have the responsibility to ensure that the Green registration status of the petition signers is validated. Validation must occur within seven business days of signatures being handed in to the Co-Coordinators. Validation will include comparing the signatures to those at the County Registrar's Office. 4) A person may also be appointed to the County Council by virtue of an on-line vote of the County Council, as long as their signatures have been validated before the vote occurs. They may then participate as a full voting member at the next face-to-face meeting, if they are appointed by the deadline for the release of the agenda for that meeting. 5) A person appointed in an on-line vote may also participate in on-line votes, but not before the next face-to-face meeting occurs, or after 30 days if no face-to-face meeting occurs in that time. 6) If there is a dispute over the Green registration status of petition signers, an appeal may be made to the County Council and agendized at its next meeting. The Co-coordinators shall make a written report of their findings available for inclusion with the agenda for that item. The County Council may appoint Alternates for each of the GPLAC State Coordinating Committee Regional Representatives. Any GPLAC member is eligible to be an Alternate GPLAC Regional Representative. A Coordinating Committee member may not also be a County Co-Coordinator, but an Alternate may be. In a case where an Co-Coordinator is an Alternate, should the Representative leave the seat (through resignation, recall or other cause), and should such an Alternate assume the seat in his/her place, then that Alternate shall be considered to have immediately resigned their Co-Coordinator position. The GPLAC seeks to retain flexilibity in its selection of Alternates, in order to be able to appoint Alternates for periods of specified duration. Current GPCA Bylaws state that the term of an Alternate shall be concurrent with the term of the Representative. If the GPCA Bylaws change to allow for the option of flexibility on behalf of counties, this clause shall establish that flexibility for the GPLAC. If that occurs, an Alternate may be appointed for the same term as the Representative, or for a period of lesser duration. The voting procedure for each seat shall be by Instant Run-Off Voting, using a simple majority threshold, as referenced in the GPCA Bylaws (Section 7). To ensure that at least one Alternate is male and one female, Alternates shall be chosen first for the male and female Representatives. If at this point, there are at least two of each gender, out of the five selected (three Representatives, two Alternates), then the last Alternate may be from either gender. If not, then the final Alternate shall be chosen to ensure that there are at least two of each gender. Alternates may not be chosen at the same meeting as Representatives for the same seat, but rather may be selected at any subsequent meeting, as long as there is the same notice for the selection of the Alternate, as there would be for the Representative for that seat. Notwithstanding this, the County Council may make an appointment upon shorter notice ' if at least one meeting has passed after the initial meeting at which Representatives were chosen -- if it also first approves 'findings' explaining why such an abbreviated decision-making schedule was necessary. This may not be used for more than one seat at a time. The length of the term for GPLAC Regional Representatives to the GPCA State Coordinating Commitee is set by the GPCA at two years. The beginning and ending of the GPLAC term shall run from the fourth Sunday of March, in even numbered years, to the day preceding the fourth Sunday of March, in even numbered years. If an election for the seat is held on the fourth Sunday, the Representative is considered seated upon election. There shall be a Database Coordinator that is responsible for managing the Database according to the direction set by the County. Among his/her tasks, the Database Coordinator would be responsible for maintaining the database, including cleaning and updating the email addresses, and entering information as needed that comes from web and phone referrals, the GPCA from its fundraising and volunteer records, and from any Green local or candidate that chooses to share it. The Database Coordinator will provide quartely reports to the GPLAC. The Database Coordinator will not provide access to, nor share the contents of the database with any individual or organization, unless specified to do so by the County Council, and the Database Coordinator will sign a document with the County Council to this effect. There shall be a Database Committee that shall work with the Database Coordinator to help implement County Council direction regarding the Database. The Committee shall include the GPLAC co-coordinators, the Database Coordinator as well as additional members as appointed by the County Council. The Database Committe shall create options for GPLAC members, so that they could receive by email, the type of information they are interested in. This would include notice of County Council elections (and filing deadlines), notice of the election of GPLAC Officers and GPLAC reps to the GPCA CC, County Council meetings and agendas, and other items directed by the County Council. County Councilmembers will have no special access to the Database, just because they are County Councilmembers. Candidates endorsed by the GPLAC County Council may have emails sent on their behalf to registered Greens in the GPLAC database, at the discretion of the County Council. The County Council shall develop a plan for how often this opportunity will be provided. It is the responsibility of the GPLAC co-coordinators to are directed to communicate to the GPCA that the GPLAC would like to obtain the donor and volunteers lists for Los Angeles County in the GPCA's possession. The GPLAC will develop and authorize periodic fundraising appeals directly to its members via email and the PayPayl link on the county's website. Official Communications on behalf of the GPLAC, either of the GPLAC Co-Coordinators or the GPLAC Secretary shall be copied to the two others. Official communications by the Treasurer shall be copied to the Co-Coordinators and Secretary. All such communications shall use the following email addresses in copying communications to each other: gplac-cocos@cagreens.org, gplac-secretary@cagreens.org and gplac-treasurer@cagreens.org. These email addresses shall be attached to a web-archive, which will archive GPLAC official communications. Purpose/Charter: For open discussion by any LA County Green Party member about issues, strategy, trends, organizing and other activities of the Green Party in Los Angeles County. 1) GPLAC County Council members (and GPLAC state Coordinating Committee regional representatives) are encouraged to subscribe to this list, either in full or digest form. 2) Event Announcements should be limited to those related to the activities of the Green Party and/or Green Party members. Participants: Read/write participation by any Green Party member in LA County. Participation subject to the Green eRules attached below. Sign-Up: Sign up will be by submission form on County site. The List Administrator will check all submission against the list of registered Greens in LA County. By signing up one agrees to abide by the Green eRules. Submission requests will be processed within seven days. Green registration status of participants will be checked each time the GPLAC obtains a new voter registration list. Purpose/Charter: For discussion purposes only among County Council members. Participants: Read/write participation by County Council members; Read-only status for any other Green member in LA County, available either through a web archive or as email. Individual Greens retain the right to directly email a County Councilmember. That Councilmember could then choose to forward that email to the group. However, County Council members should only repost within reason to make a point, rather than to insert the non-County Council member into the debate in an ongoing manner. note: County Council decisions will not be made on this email list. County Council votes will be cast on a separate voting web page. See #3 below. Sign-Up: The List Administrator will automatically place all County Council members on the email list as full participants. In participating, all County Councilmembers agree to abide by the Green eRules. Purpose/Charter: For two purposes: pre-vote discussion of agenda items for on-line votes and face-to-face meetings. Sign-Up: Sign up will be by submission form on County site; the List Administrator will check all submission against the list of registered Greens in LA County. Posting will be password protected, with individual passwords linked to individual e-mail addresses. By signing up one agrees to abide by the Green eRules. Submission requests will be processed within seven days. Green registration status of participants will be checked each time the GPLAC obtains a new voter registration list. Purpose/Charter: For conducting and recording on-line votes of the County Council. Participants: County Council members. Results will be available to be read by all, with a link from the GPLAC home page and County Council page. Design: This will be a variation of the GPUS Voting Page at http://gp.org/cgi-bin/vote/index. The code is open source and the GPLAC will incorporate this into a design using the GPLAC's own graphics. Sign-Up: The List Administrator will automatically place all County Council members on the email list as full participants, and assign each a password. Green eRules are meant to help promote a productive, transparent and respectful environment for this to occur. GPLAC on-line forum participants are encouraged to state their views, inform one another, and discuss issues in depth, in a manner that enables energy to be focused on productive work. Disagreement over issues and ideas should be honored as an expected part this process, and is not to be considered a disruption or impediment. The GPLAC share forward to Active Green Locals, referrals for those areas of Los Angeles County that those locals are recognized for, that come in through the County web site's - ""Interest/Volunteer page"", as well as referrals that come in from the Green Party of the California and the Green Party of the United States. In order to provide information to Green voters about County Council candidates, a URL will be provided on the GPLAC web site, for every ballot qualified County Council candidate. - does not critically name or single out individuals in the Green Party. A candidate may post a photo, but is not required to do so. To qualify, a candidate shall send the html page to the GPLAC Co-Coordinators, and the GPLAC shall be responsible for uploading the page. In order that Green Party members can be made aware that they can sign the nomination petitions for Green County Council candidates in their district, and to aid potential County Council candidates in connecting to Green Party members in their district, contact information for County Council candidates will be provided on the GPLAC web site so that Green Party members who may want to sign for someone in their districts, will have the information to do so. The Los Angeles County Registrar's web page has a link to this information and linking to it from the GPLAC site, along with an explanation of why, can fufilll this requirement. schedule. Other items should be saved for face-to-face meetings. Any GPLAC County Councilmember can make a proposal. The person or group who initiated the proposal (proposals may originate from a non-County Councilmember but must be sponsored by a GPLAC County Councilmember), and also who will reply to clarifying questions. The County Council shall take a position on the question, and then shall cast its allotment of votes in the same proportions as taken by the County Council. </s>" <s> F) County Council On-Line Voting Voting . 1) Formal minutes of GPLAC meetings shall include only a record of decisions taken on a particular proposal or motion, as well who voted for, against or stood aside, and a record of all outstanding concerns. 2) An official audiotape be made of every meeting, which would be used to settle questions about the minutes or anything else of the meeting's proceedings. Taping of the meeting shall be the responsibility of the Co-Coordinators and the Secretary. For GPLAC officers like Co-Coordinator, Secretary and Treasurer, and for Regional Representative to the Coordinating Committee of the Green Party of California (or other such elections), the election shall be conducted so as disclose the intentions of the voter. To accomplish this, County Councilmembers would rank their choices on a written ballot, using the Single Transferable Vote, and would indentify themselves on the ballot. 1) Any person appointed to the County Council at a face-to-face meeting, can participate at the next face-to-face meeting or as part of post-meeting on-line or conference call votes, as soon as their Nomination Petition signatures are validated. 2) Nomination Petition signatures shall be validated within seven business days of their delivery to either of the GPLAC co-coordinators. Nomination Petitions may be delivered before a County Council meeting or at a County Council meeting. 3) The Co-Coordinators and the Secretary shall have the responsibility to ensure that the Green registration status of the petition signers is validated. Validation must occur within seven business days of signatures being handed in to the Co-Coordinators. Validation will include comparing the signatures to those at the County Registrar's Office. 4) A person may also be appointed to the County Council by virtue of an on-line vote of the County Council, as long as their signatures have been validated before the vote occurs. They may then participate as a full voting member at the next face-to-face meeting, if they are appointed by the deadline for the release of the agenda for that meeting. 5) A person appointed in an on-line vote may also participate in on-line votes, but not before the next face-to-face meeting occurs, or after 30 days if no face-to-face meeting occurs in that time. 6) If there is a dispute over the Green registration status of petition signers, an appeal may be made to the County Council and agendized at its next meeting. The Co-coordinators shall make a written report of their findings available for inclusion with the agenda for that item. The County Council may appoint Alternates for each of the GPLAC State Coordinating Committee Regional Representatives. Any GPLAC member is eligible to be an Alternate GPLAC Regional Representative. A Coordinating Committee member may not also be a County Co-Coordinator, but an Alternate may be. In a case where an Co-Coordinator is an Alternate, should the Representative leave the seat (through resignation, recall or other cause), and should such an Alternate assume the seat in his/her place, then that Alternate shall be considered to have immediately resigned their Co-Coordinator position. The GPLAC seeks to retain flexilibity in its selection of Alternates, in order to be able to appoint Alternates for periods of specified duration. Current GPCA Bylaws state that the term of an Alternate shall be concurrent with the term of the Representative. If the GPCA Bylaws change to allow for the option of flexibility on behalf of counties, this clause shall establish that flexibility for the GPLAC. If that occurs, an Alternate may be appointed for the same term as the Representative, or for a period of lesser duration. The voting procedure for each seat shall be by Instant Run-Off Voting, using a simple majority threshold, as referenced in the GPCA Bylaws (Section 7). To ensure that at least one Alternate is male and one female, Alternates shall be chosen first for the male and female Representatives. If at this point, there are at least two of each gender, out of the five selected (three Representatives, two Alternates), then the last Alternate may be from either gender. If not, then the final Alternate shall be chosen to ensure that there are at least two of each gender. Alternates may not be chosen at the same meeting as Representatives for the same seat, but rather may be selected at any subsequent meeting, as long as there is the same notice for the selection of the Alternate, as there would be for the Representative for that seat. Notwithstanding this, the County Council may make an appointment upon shorter notice ' if at least one meeting has passed after the initial meeting at which Representatives were chosen -- if it also first approves 'findings' explaining why such an abbreviated decision-making schedule was necessary. This may not be used for more than one seat at a time. The length of the term for GPLAC Regional Representatives to the GPCA State Coordinating Commitee is set by the GPCA at two years. The beginning and ending of the GPLAC term shall run from the fourth Sunday of March, in even numbered years, to the day preceding the fourth Sunday of March, in even numbered years. If an election for the seat is held on the fourth Sunday, the Representative is considered seated upon election. There shall be a Database Coordinator that is responsible for managing the Database according to the direction set by the County. Among his/her tasks, the Database Coordinator would be responsible for maintaining the database, including cleaning and updating the email addresses, and entering information as needed that comes from web and phone referrals, the GPCA from its fundraising and volunteer records, and from any Green local or candidate that chooses to share it. The Database Coordinator will provide quartely reports to the GPLAC. The Database Coordinator will not provide access to, nor share the contents of the database with any individual or organization, unless specified to do so by the County Council, and the Database Coordinator will sign a document with the County Council to this effect. There shall be a Database Committee that shall work with the Database Coordinator to help implement County Council direction regarding the Database. The Committee shall include the GPLAC co-coordinators, the Database Coordinator as well as additional members as appointed by the County Council. The Database Committe shall create options for GPLAC members, so that they could receive by email, the type of information they are interested in. This would include notice of County Council elections (and filing deadlines), notice of the election of GPLAC Officers and GPLAC reps to the GPCA CC, County Council meetings and agendas, and other items directed by the County Council. County Councilmembers will have no special access to the Database, just because they are County Councilmembers. Candidates endorsed by the GPLAC County Council may have emails sent on their behalf to registered Greens in the GPLAC database, at the discretion of the County Council. The County Council shall develop a plan for how often this opportunity will be provided. It is the responsibility of the GPLAC co-coordinators to are directed to communicate to the GPCA that the GPLAC would like to obtain the donor and volunteers lists for Los Angeles County in the GPCA's possession. The GPLAC will develop and authorize periodic fundraising appeals directly to its members via email and the PayPayl link on the county's website. Official Communications on behalf of the GPLAC, either of the GPLAC Co-Coordinators or the GPLAC Secretary shall be copied to the two others. Official communications by the Treasurer shall be copied to the Co-Coordinators and Secretary. All such communications shall use the following email addresses in copying communications to each other: gplac-cocos@cagreens.org, gplac-secretary@cagreens.org and gplac-treasurer@cagreens.org. These email addresses shall be attached to a web-archive, which will archive GPLAC official communications. Purpose/Charter: For open discussion by any LA County Green Party member about issues, strategy, trends, organizing and other activities of the Green Party in Los Angeles County. 1) GPLAC County Council members (and GPLAC state Coordinating Committee regional representatives) are encouraged to subscribe to this list, either in full or digest form. 2) Event Announcements should be limited to those related to the activities of the Green Party and/or Green Party members. Participants: Read/write participation by any Green Party member in LA County. Participation subject to the Green eRules attached below. Sign-Up: Sign up will be by submission form on County site. The List Administrator will check all submission against the list of registered Greens in LA County. By signing up one agrees to abide by the Green eRules. Submission requests will be processed within seven days. Green registration status of participants will be checked each time the GPLAC obtains a new voter registration list. Purpose/Charter: For discussion purposes only among County Council members. Participants: Read/write participation by County Council members; Read-only status for any other Green member in LA County, available either through a web archive or as email. Individual Greens retain the right to directly email a County Councilmember. That Councilmember could then choose to forward that email to the group. However, County Council members should only repost within reason to make a point, rather than to insert the non-County Council member into the debate in an ongoing manner. note: County Council decisions will not be made on this email list. County Council votes will be cast on a separate voting web page. See #3 below. Sign-Up: The List Administrator will automatically place all County Council members on the email list as full participants. In participating, all County Councilmembers agree to abide by the Green eRules. Purpose/Charter: For two purposes: pre-vote discussion of agenda items for on-line votes and face-to-face meetings. Sign-Up: Sign up will be by submission form on County site; the List Administrator will check all submission against the list of registered Greens in LA County. Posting will be password protected, with individual passwords linked to individual e-mail addresses. By signing up one agrees to abide by the Green eRules. Submission requests will be processed within seven days. Green registration status of participants will be checked each time the GPLAC obtains a new voter registration list. Purpose/Charter: For conducting and recording on-line votes of the County Council. Participants: County Council members. Results will be available to be read by all, with a link from the GPLAC home page and County Council page. Design: This will be a variation of the GPUS Voting Page at http://gp.org/cgi-bin/vote/index. The code is open source and the GPLAC will incorporate this into a design using the GPLAC's own graphics. Sign-Up: The List Administrator will automatically place all County Council members on the email list as full participants, and assign each a password. Green eRules are meant to help promote a productive, transparent and respectful environment for this to occur. GPLAC on-line forum participants are encouraged to state their views, inform one another, and discuss issues in depth, in a manner that enables energy to be focused on productive work. Disagreement over issues and ideas should be honored as an expected part this process, and is not to be considered a disruption or impediment. The GPLAC share forward to Active Green Locals, referrals for those areas of Los Angeles County that those locals are recognized for, that come in through the County web site's - """Interest/Volunteer" "page""," as well as referrals that come in from the Green Party of the California and the Green Party of the United States. In order to provide information to Green voters about County Council candidates, a URL will be provided on the GPLAC web site, for every ballot qualified County Council candidate. - does not critically name or single out individuals in the Green Party. A candidate may post a photo, but is not required to do so. To qualify, a candidate shall send the html page to the GPLAC Co-Coordinators, and the GPLAC shall be responsible for uploading the page. In order that Green Party members can be made aware that they can sign the nomination petitions for Green County Council candidates in their district, and to aid potential County Council candidates in connecting to Green Party members in their district, contact information for County Council candidates will be provided on the GPLAC web site so that Green Party members who may want to sign for someone in their districts, will have the information to do so. The Los Angeles County Registrar's web page has a link to this information and linking to it from the GPLAC site, along with an explanation of why, can fufilll this requirement. schedule. Other items should be saved for face-to-face meetings. Any GPLAC County Councilmember can make a proposal. The person or group who initiated the proposal (proposals may originate from a non-County Councilmember but must be sponsored by a GPLAC County Councilmember), and also who will reply to clarifying questions. The County Council shall take a position on the question, and then shall cast its allotment of votes in the same proportions as taken by the County Council. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Gordon Kerr has a 25 year track record in the black arts of banking; with particular focus on derivatives , securitisation, tax and regulatory capital arbitrage and inter-bank exposure structures which exploit accounting loopholes such that these exposures are kept off the books of all parties to the transaction. In 2011 Kerr set up Cobden Partners Ltd, using the brand of the prominent UK think tank The Cobden Centre. Using this brand, Kerr has undertaken education and training assignments, mainly on a pro bono basis, and presented at a range of public and private events and business schools in an endeavour to promote awareness that European banking is such poor shape that it now threatens to fracture the euro itself. </s>" <s> Gordon Kerr has a 25 year track record in the black arts of banking; with particular focus on derivatives , securitisation, tax and regulatory capital arbitrage and inter-bank exposure structures which exploit accounting loopholes such that these exposures are kept off the books of all parties to the transaction. In 2011 Kerr set up Cobden Partners Ltd, using the brand of the prominent UK think tank The Cobden Centre. Using this brand, Kerr has undertaken education and training assignments, mainly on a pro bono basis, and presented at a range of public and private events and business schools in an endeavour to promote awareness that European banking is such poor shape that it now threatens to fracture the euro itself. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> This page contains statistics specifically concerning honor violence. For more general statistics covering domestic abuse or danger to women, see Marriage and Women. For physical and sexual abuse of children, see Children. Helsingin Sanomat reported on Sunday that according to the Mannerheim League for Child Welfare, thousands of girls particularly in immigrant families with a Muslim background are afraid of their immediate relatives, while being subjected to physical or mental violence. According to statistics provided by the Kurdistan Regional Government, 59 women were murdered in the first six months of this year. But local non-governmental organizations say the rate is much higher. Nearly 1,000 women and girls in Pakistan were murdered in 2011 in honour killings, worrying figures have revealed. A new report by Pakistan's leading human rights group has revealed at least 943 women were killed last year by their fathers, husbands or brothers for damaging their family name. Ninety-three of those killed were minors. However, the true number of those killed is thought to be far higher. Many cases are thought to have been covered up by relatives and sympathetic police officers, the report revealed. The figure of 943 was an increase of more than 100 the previous year in 2010. Honor killings are considered part of Chechen tradition. No records are kept, but human rights activists estimate that dozens of women are killed [in Chechnya] every year. A large number of young British Asians support violence against women who 'dishonour' their families, a Panorama investigation will claim today. The hard-hitting BBC documentary reveals more than two thirds of Asians between the ages of 16 and 34 say communities should live according to 'honour' or 'izzat'. Research carried out for the show found nearly one in five – 18 per cent – said certain acts thought to shame families were justification for violence. ↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 ""'Honour' killing: It's a global phenomenon"", The Times of India, July 11, 2010 (archived), http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2010-07-11/india/28318807_1_honour-killings-family-honour-reports-by-human-rights. ↑ Lynn Berry, ""Chechen President Kadyrov Defends Honor Killings"", The St. Petersburg Times, Issue No. 1453, March 3, 2009 (archived), http://www.sptimes.ru/story/28409. ↑ Ibrahim Asalioglu, ""Media help escalate honor killings, study reveals"", Today's Zaman, March 24, 2009 (archived), http://www.todayszaman.com/newsDetail_getNewsById.action?load=detay&link=170502&bolum=100. This page was last edited on 31 July 2014, at 23:45. </s>" <s> This page contains statistics specifically concerning honor violence. For more general statistics covering domestic abuse or danger to women, see Marriage and Women. For physical and sexual abuse of children, see Children. Helsingin Sanomat reported on Sunday that according to the Mannerheim League for Child Welfare, thousands of girls particularly in immigrant families with a Muslim background are afraid of their immediate relatives, while being subjected to physical or mental violence. According to statistics provided by the Kurdistan Regional Government, 59 women were murdered in the first six months of this year. But local non-governmental organizations say the rate is much higher. Nearly 1,000 women and girls in Pakistan were murdered in 2011 in honour killings, worrying figures have revealed. A new report by Pakistan's leading human rights group has revealed at least 943 women were killed last year by their fathers, husbands or brothers for damaging their family name. Ninety-three of those killed were minors. However, the true number of those killed is thought to be far higher. Many cases are thought to have been covered up by relatives and sympathetic police officers, the report revealed. The figure of 943 was an increase of more than 100 the previous year in 2010. Honor killings are considered part of Chechen tradition. No records are kept, but human rights activists estimate that dozens of women are killed [in Chechnya] every year. A large number of young British Asians support violence against women who 'dishonour' their families, a Panorama investigation will claim today. The hard-hitting BBC documentary reveals more than two thirds of Asians between the ages of 16 and 34 say communities should live according to 'honour' or 'izzat'. Research carried out for the show found nearly one in five – 18 per cent – said certain acts thought to shame families were justification for violence. ↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 """'Honour'" killing: It's a global "phenomenon""," The Times of India, July 11, 2010 (archived), http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2010-07-11/india/28318807_1_honour-killings-family-honour-reports-by-human-rights. ↑ Lynn Berry, """Chechen" President Kadyrov Defends Honor "Killings""," The St. Petersburg Times, Issue No. 1453, March 3, 2009 (archived), http://www.sptimes.ru/story/28409. ↑ Ibrahim Asalioglu, """Media" help escalate honor killings, study "reveals""," Today's Zaman, March 24, 2009 (archived), http://www.todayszaman.com/newsDetail_getNewsById.action?load=detay&link=170502&bolum=100. This page was last edited on 31 July 2014, at 23:45. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Rubus pannosus P.J.Müll. & Wirtg. The record derives from RJP (data supplied on 2011-10-18 ) which reports it as an accepted name (record 43229) with original publication details: Herbarium Ruborum rhenanorum Herbarium Ruborum rhenanorum; 1854 no.148 1860 . This name record (from RJP) was not included in version 1 of The Plant List. It is possible the same name was included from a different data source, to check this you can search for Rubus pannosus in version 1 of The Plant List. </s>" <s> Rubus pannosus P.J.Müll. & Wirtg. The record derives from RJP (data supplied on 2011-10-18 ) which reports it as an accepted name (record 43229) with original publication details: Herbarium Ruborum rhenanorum Herbarium Ruborum rhenanorum; 1854 no.148 1860 . This name record (from RJP) was not included in version 1 of The Plant List. It is possible the same name was included from a different data source, to check this you can search for Rubus pannosus in version 1 of The Plant List. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> MAT Orange Cleveland Area Rug - Grey - Swatches may be available. Hand Woven. Contemporary. Large squares featuring hand printed abstract design are what the Cleveland rug is made of. New Zealand wool is hand loomed in India by craftspeople who finish the product with a canvas backing for a true attention to detail. Many color choices are available to suit your design needs, along with a multitude of sizes. Showcase the Cleveland rug in a loft or New Youk apartment for a contemporary look that captivates. 100% Blended New Zealand Wool. Printed. Pile height is .375 inches Made in India. </s>" <s> MAT Orange Cleveland Area Rug - Grey - Swatches may be available. Hand Woven. Contemporary. Large squares featuring hand printed abstract design are what the Cleveland rug is made of. New Zealand wool is hand loomed in India by craftspeople who finish the product with a canvas backing for a true attention to detail. Many color choices are available to suit your design needs, along with a multitude of sizes. Showcase the Cleveland rug in a loft or New Youk apartment for a contemporary look that captivates. 100% Blended New Zealand Wool. Printed. Pile height is .375 inches Made in India. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> In my recent interview with Daniel Sheehan of GRC Professional Magazine, I discuss the growing trend of the SEC holding compliance officers personally liable for those they supervise, and what actions they can take to protect themselves. The SEC is increasingly targeting compliance officers who take missteps in their job, holding them liable for not doing their job properly. There are cases where a compliance officer doesn’t focus as intently on a problem as they should, so in addition to prosecuting the person who did the misdeed, the SEC is also prosecuting the compli­ance officer and holding them liable. Following the criticism directed at the SEC for failing to notice problems, they started to take a much harder look at compa­nies than they had in the past. They started to take another look at who in the companies were respon­sible for these breaches, and the compliance officers were in that category. There are more investigations, more actions and higher penalties. As a consequence, the chances of a compliance officer who does not notify of a problem being caught up in a case is high. When a problem, or potential problem, is identified, get out in front of it. Investigate problems aggressively and thoroughly. Ask questions and follow up on those questions. Document every step of the investigation. The government will look for evidence that the problem has been thoroughly investigated. For the sake of all involved, evidence is absolutely necessary. It will need to be proven that the matter has been thoroughly and properly investigated. If you have any questions about compliance issues, please feel free to contact me. </s>" <s> In my recent interview with Daniel Sheehan of GRC Professional Magazine, I discuss the growing trend of the SEC holding compliance officers personally liable for those they supervise, and what actions they can take to protect themselves. The SEC is increasingly targeting compliance officers who take missteps in their job, holding them liable for not doing their job properly. There are cases where a compliance officer doesn’t focus as intently on a problem as they should, so in addition to prosecuting the person who did the misdeed, the SEC is also prosecuting the compli­ance officer and holding them liable. Following the criticism directed at the SEC for failing to notice problems, they started to take a much harder look at compa­nies than they had in the past. They started to take another look at who in the companies were respon­sible for these breaches, and the compliance officers were in that category. There are more investigations, more actions and higher penalties. As a consequence, the chances of a compliance officer who does not notify of a problem being caught up in a case is high. When a problem, or potential problem, is identified, get out in front of it. Investigate problems aggressively and thoroughly. Ask questions and follow up on those questions. Document every step of the investigation. The government will look for evidence that the problem has been thoroughly investigated. For the sake of all involved, evidence is absolutely necessary. It will need to be proven that the matter has been thoroughly and properly investigated. If you have any questions about compliance issues, please feel free to contact me. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Cabin reservations: require a 2-night minimum booking & deposit excluding Holidays which require 3-night booking and deposit. All reservations within 30 days of arrival must be paid in full when booking. Future reservations require a 2-night deposit required at time of booking. Payment in full is due at least 14 days prior to arrival for RV & tent sites and 30-days prior to arrival for cabins. If final payment is due and we are unable to contact you at the number provided when the reservation was made, the balance will be charged to the credit card on file. RV/Tent sites: rates are based on 2 adults and 2 children (ages 3-12). $6.00/person/day charge applies to additional people on or visiting site. Cabins: additional charges of $10.00/person/day apply to cabins in excess of intended number of persons stated in description for each cabin. RV/Tent sites: restricted to one change of date only if change is greater than 14-days prior to the initial reservation. No change of dates allowed on Holiday Reservations. Cabins: restricted to one change of dates only if change is greater than 30-days prior to initial reservation. No change of dates allowed on Holiday Reservations. Changes outside the above parameters will result in the forfit of the 2-night/3-night deposit and a voucher will be provided for any remaining balance that can be used towards a future stay. RV & Tent Sites: No refunds on deposits if within 14-days of scheduled arrivals; Cancellations 15 days or more from arrival will be refunded abbounty balance less a $35.00 cancellation fee. Cabins: No refunds within 30-days of scheduled arrivals; Cancellations 31-days or more from arrival forfeit a 2-night (3-night for Holidays) deposit and receive a voucher for remaining balance if applicable good towards a future stay. Individuals consideres as a “no show” forfeit all monies previously paid on account. Also called a long-term deposit, holds your monies under the information you provided to us during the reservation process. Vouchers are valid one year from date of the original reservation from which it was provided. Vouchers are non-transferable and used on site rental purchase redeemable at this park only. When presenting a voucher, individuals are responsible for paying difference incurred due to any future price increases. Cabins/RV/Tent sites: A minimum three-day reservation and deposit is due in order to book during Easter, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s Eve. The reservation must encompass the Holiday itself. NO REFUNDS ON HOLIDAY RESERVATION DEPOSITS. All guests must register at the ranger station and obtain a car pass before entering Jellystone Park Property of we will consider this trespassing. ***All guests are $6.00/person/day regardless of age OR activity participation. ***We gladly accept cash, checks, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, and American Express. Monthly sites are based on 2-adults only. $150.00 for each additional person/month. Guest charges also apply at $6.00/person/day for visitors, who must register at the Ranger Station and obtain a car pass if applicable. A $100.00 deposit is required on monthly site reservations. Absolutely NO REFUNDS on monthly site deposits. PETS ARE PROHIBITED IN THE CABINS, ON CABIN SITE OR IN REGISTERED VEHICLE(S). ABSOLUTELY NO EXCEPTIONS. REGISTERED GUESTS WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR VIOLATORS WITHIN THEIR PARTY AND WILL BE CHARGED A $250 FEE AND IN ADDITION, THE COST OF REPLACEMENT FOR DAMAGES DUE TO THE PET. THIS WILL BE CHARGED TO THE CREDIT CARD ON FILE. We check each site carefully before your arrival. If damage occurs to the site, or amenities located on the site, there will be a fee charged to the credit card on file equal to the cost of replacing the item(s). This includes, but is not limited ot, trees, fire ring, picnic table, or electric services, water and sewer access points. Check-in time is at 1:00 PM. Check-out time is at 11:00 AM. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to call the Ranger Station at 1-251-986-3566. </s>" <s> Cabin reservations: require a 2-night minimum booking & deposit excluding Holidays which require 3-night booking and deposit. All reservations within 30 days of arrival must be paid in full when booking. Future reservations require a 2-night deposit required at time of booking. Payment in full is due at least 14 days prior to arrival for RV & tent sites and 30-days prior to arrival for cabins. If final payment is due and we are unable to contact you at the number provided when the reservation was made, the balance will be charged to the credit card on file. RV/Tent sites: rates are based on 2 adults and 2 children (ages 3-12). $6.00/person/day charge applies to additional people on or visiting site. Cabins: additional charges of $10.00/person/day apply to cabins in excess of intended number of persons stated in description for each cabin. RV/Tent sites: restricted to one change of date only if change is greater than 14-days prior to the initial reservation. No change of dates allowed on Holiday Reservations. Cabins: restricted to one change of dates only if change is greater than 30-days prior to initial reservation. No change of dates allowed on Holiday Reservations. Changes outside the above parameters will result in the forfit of the 2-night/3-night deposit and a voucher will be provided for any remaining balance that can be used towards a future stay. RV & Tent Sites: No refunds on deposits if within 14-days of scheduled arrivals; Cancellations 15 days or more from arrival will be refunded abbounty balance less a $35.00 cancellation fee. Cabins: No refunds within 30-days of scheduled arrivals; Cancellations 31-days or more from arrival forfeit a 2-night (3-night for Holidays) deposit and receive a voucher for remaining balance if applicable good towards a future stay. Individuals consideres as a “no show” forfeit all monies previously paid on account. Also called a long-term deposit, holds your monies under the information you provided to us during the reservation process. Vouchers are valid one year from date of the original reservation from which it was provided. Vouchers are non-transferable and used on site rental purchase redeemable at this park only. When presenting a voucher, individuals are responsible for paying difference incurred due to any future price increases. Cabins/RV/Tent sites: A minimum three-day reservation and deposit is due in order to book during Easter, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s Eve. The reservation must encompass the Holiday itself. NO REFUNDS ON HOLIDAY RESERVATION DEPOSITS. All guests must register at the ranger station and obtain a car pass before entering Jellystone Park Property of we will consider this trespassing. ***All guests are $6.00/person/day regardless of age OR activity participation. ***We gladly accept cash, checks, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, and American Express. Monthly sites are based on 2-adults only. $150.00 for each additional person/month. Guest charges also apply at $6.00/person/day for visitors, who must register at the Ranger Station and obtain a car pass if applicable. A $100.00 deposit is required on monthly site reservations. Absolutely NO REFUNDS on monthly site deposits. PETS ARE PROHIBITED IN THE CABINS, ON CABIN SITE OR IN REGISTERED VEHICLE(S). ABSOLUTELY NO EXCEPTIONS. REGISTERED GUESTS WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR VIOLATORS WITHIN THEIR PARTY AND WILL BE CHARGED A $250 FEE AND IN ADDITION, THE COST OF REPLACEMENT FOR DAMAGES DUE TO THE PET. THIS WILL BE CHARGED TO THE CREDIT CARD ON FILE. We check each site carefully before your arrival. If damage occurs to the site, or amenities located on the site, there will be a fee charged to the credit card on file equal to the cost of replacing the item(s). This includes, but is not limited ot, trees, fire ring, picnic table, or electric services, water and sewer access points. Check-in time is at 1:00 PM. Check-out time is at 11:00 AM. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to call the Ranger Station at 1-251-986-3566. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and his congressional coalition continue to blame each other over a government-proposed justice reform that failed after coalition congressmen added controversial amendments to the bill. In an interview with television network Caracol, Santos said that jailed politicians had used their allies in Congress to make amendments that would allow the immediate freedom of lawmakers in legal trouble. However, House Representative Augusto Posada, who took part in the final commission that made the controversial final changes and is set to take over the presidency of the lower chamber later this month, accused Santos of being a hypocrite. “He left all responsibility with Congress,” Posada told newspaper El Tiempo. According to the lawmaker, the crisis over the flunked justice reform has widened the rift between the U Party, of which Santos is President and Posada is a member. “The U Party is going through a tough time,” Posada said. “Not because of the reform but because of the confrontation between President Santos and ex-President [Alvaro] Uribe. The U Party was founded by Santos and formed the basis of Uribe’s legislative support during his 2002-2010 Presidency. Relations between Santos and Uribe worsened after Santos took over the presidency, appointed Uribe critics in key positions within his government and adopted a significantly more liberal approach than his predecessor. </s>" <s> Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and his congressional coalition continue to blame each other over a government-proposed justice reform that failed after coalition congressmen added controversial amendments to the bill. In an interview with television network Caracol, Santos said that jailed politicians had used their allies in Congress to make amendments that would allow the immediate freedom of lawmakers in legal trouble. However, House Representative Augusto Posada, who took part in the final commission that made the controversial final changes and is set to take over the presidency of the lower chamber later this month, accused Santos of being a hypocrite. “He left all responsibility with Congress,” Posada told newspaper El Tiempo. According to the lawmaker, the crisis over the flunked justice reform has widened the rift between the U Party, of which Santos is President and Posada is a member. “The U Party is going through a tough time,” Posada said. “Not because of the reform but because of the confrontation between President Santos and ex-President [Alvaro] Uribe. The U Party was founded by Santos and formed the basis of Uribe’s legislative support during his 2002-2010 Presidency. Relations between Santos and Uribe worsened after Santos took over the presidency, appointed Uribe critics in key positions within his government and adopted a significantly more liberal approach than his predecessor. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> A report last week from the Pew Hispanic Center laid bare some striking results of that campaign. It found that Latinos now make up 40 percent of those sentenced in federal courts, even though they are only about 13 percent of the adult population. They accounted for one-third of federal prison inmates in 2007. The numbers might suggest we are besieged by immigrant criminals. But of all the noncitizen Latinos sentenced last year, the vast majority — 81 percent — were convicted for unlawfully entering or remaining in the country, neither of which is a criminal offense. The country is filling the federal courts and prisons with nonviolent offenders. It is diverting immense law-enforcement resources from pursuing serious criminals — violent thugs, financial scammers — to an immense, self-defeating campaign to hunt down ... workers. The Pew report follows news this month that even as a federal program to hunt immigrant fugitives saw its budget soar — to $218 million last year from $9 million in 2003 — its mission went astray. According to the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute, of the 72,000 people arrested through last February, 73 percent had no criminal record. Border Patrol agents in California and Maryland, meanwhile, tell of pressure to arrest workers at day-labor corners and convenience stores to meet quotas. The country needs to control its borders. It needs to rebuild an effective immigration system and thwart employers who cheat it. It needs to bring the undocumented forward and make citizen taxpayers of them. ACTION: March to Stop the Hate in Arizona this SATURDAY! </s>" <s> A report last week from the Pew Hispanic Center laid bare some striking results of that campaign. It found that Latinos now make up 40 percent of those sentenced in federal courts, even though they are only about 13 percent of the adult population. They accounted for one-third of federal prison inmates in 2007. The numbers might suggest we are besieged by immigrant criminals. But of all the noncitizen Latinos sentenced last year, the vast majority — 81 percent — were convicted for unlawfully entering or remaining in the country, neither of which is a criminal offense. The country is filling the federal courts and prisons with nonviolent offenders. It is diverting immense law-enforcement resources from pursuing serious criminals — violent thugs, financial scammers — to an immense, self-defeating campaign to hunt down ... workers. The Pew report follows news this month that even as a federal program to hunt immigrant fugitives saw its budget soar — to $218 million last year from $9 million in 2003 — its mission went astray. According to the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute, of the 72,000 people arrested through last February, 73 percent had no criminal record. Border Patrol agents in California and Maryland, meanwhile, tell of pressure to arrest workers at day-labor corners and convenience stores to meet quotas. The country needs to control its borders. It needs to rebuild an effective immigration system and thwart employers who cheat it. It needs to bring the undocumented forward and make citizen taxpayers of them. ACTION: March to Stop the Hate in Arizona this SATURDAY! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> At least five die and another 10 are missing in tragedy following torrential rains. Residents were helping in the search for survivors, most digging with their bare hands or using farm tools. Floods and landslides are common during the rainy season in Indonesia. The rain showed no sign of letting up on Friday, prompting authorities to relocate more than 300 residents to nearby schools and government buildings. </s>" <s> At least five die and another 10 are missing in tragedy following torrential rains. Residents were helping in the search for survivors, most digging with their bare hands or using farm tools. Floods and landslides are common during the rainy season in Indonesia. The rain showed no sign of letting up on Friday, prompting authorities to relocate more than 300 residents to nearby schools and government buildings. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Every war has its songs. The following is one of the Six Day War's most well known songs. It tells the story of the battle that was fought on Ammunition Hill. You can listen to the song here. It was the second morning of the war in Jerusalem. The darkness faded out in the east. We were deep in the battle over Givat Hatachmoshet. It was a fierce battle. The Jordanians were hard to crack. It was a well-fortified bunker; in some stages of the battle, I had only four soldiers with me. We came up there with two companies. I never knew where the others were because the radio was with Dudik, the commander was cut off from the beginning of the battle, at that moment I was sure that everyone was killed. The pillar of dawn didn’t rise yet When all the company was already covered with blood But we were there on Givat Hatachmoshet. Because of the fences and mines we left the medics behind and we ran with no senses to Givat Hatachmoshet. We came down to the tunnels to the holes to the cracks and to the death in the trenches of Givat Hatachmoshet. There were no questions those who went first, just fell you really needed a lot of luck on Givat Hatachmoshet. Those who fell were dragged to the back so they wouldn’t disturb the others passing until the next one fell on Givat Hatachmoshet. Maybe we were lions but if you wanted to live you should not have been on Givat Hatachmoshet. And this is the story the story of trenches and bunkers the story of our brothers the men who remained twenty years old at Givat Hatachmoshet. </s>" <s> Every war has its songs. The following is one of the Six Day War's most well known songs. It tells the story of the battle that was fought on Ammunition Hill. You can listen to the song here. It was the second morning of the war in Jerusalem. The darkness faded out in the east. We were deep in the battle over Givat Hatachmoshet. It was a fierce battle. The Jordanians were hard to crack. It was a well-fortified bunker; in some stages of the battle, I had only four soldiers with me. We came up there with two companies. I never knew where the others were because the radio was with Dudik, the commander was cut off from the beginning of the battle, at that moment I was sure that everyone was killed. The pillar of dawn didn’t rise yet When all the company was already covered with blood But we were there on Givat Hatachmoshet. Because of the fences and mines we left the medics behind and we ran with no senses to Givat Hatachmoshet. We came down to the tunnels to the holes to the cracks and to the death in the trenches of Givat Hatachmoshet. There were no questions those who went first, just fell you really needed a lot of luck on Givat Hatachmoshet. Those who fell were dragged to the back so they wouldn’t disturb the others passing until the next one fell on Givat Hatachmoshet. Maybe we were lions but if you wanted to live you should not have been on Givat Hatachmoshet. And this is the story the story of trenches and bunkers the story of our brothers the men who remained twenty years old at Givat Hatachmoshet. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Hawaii is fondly known as Paradise for many reasons. A perfect harmony of warm weather, panoramic scenery, water recreation, affable people and vibrant culture make the islands an ideal destination for visitors and residents alike. Hawaii has a total population of 1.43 million. Once a primarily agricultural economy, Hawaii has since evolved into a modern business center. With 9.8 million visitors to the islands last year, tourism is by far the largest industry. Federal defense expenditures also represent a large segment of the economy. By virtue of its unique strategic location, the state is the central headquarters for all U.S. armed forces in the Pacific Rim region. The successful blend of agriculture, tourism, and military, along with other growing industries such as telecommunications, film and television, make for a diverse and healthy economic environment. The island of Oahu is known as “The Gathering Place” and is the most populous of the Hawaiian Islands with over 988,650 residents. Honolulu, state capital and commercial center of the islands, is located on the southeast shore of the island. Compared to the total U.S. Population, Oahu residents are higher-educated, have greater household incomes, and are more diverse. </s>" <s> Hawaii is fondly known as Paradise for many reasons. A perfect harmony of warm weather, panoramic scenery, water recreation, affable people and vibrant culture make the islands an ideal destination for visitors and residents alike. Hawaii has a total population of 1.43 million. Once a primarily agricultural economy, Hawaii has since evolved into a modern business center. With 9.8 million visitors to the islands last year, tourism is by far the largest industry. Federal defense expenditures also represent a large segment of the economy. By virtue of its unique strategic location, the state is the central headquarters for all U.S. armed forces in the Pacific Rim region. The successful blend of agriculture, tourism, and military, along with other growing industries such as telecommunications, film and television, make for a diverse and healthy economic environment. The island of Oahu is known as “The Gathering Place” and is the most populous of the Hawaiian Islands with over 988,650 residents. Honolulu, state capital and commercial center of the islands, is located on the southeast shore of the island. Compared to the total U.S. Population, Oahu residents are higher-educated, have greater household incomes, and are more diverse. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> SEPTEMBER 3, 2016 | 10 A.M. - 12:30 P.M. Brooke Holden Calligraphy held its first workshop in Myrtle Beach and I am still floating! The turnout was great and the fellowship was even better. I felt like I had been preparing for that class my whole life. It came very natural to me because I could see a glimpse of myself in each of my students. I was able to share with others the intimidation I felt first starting out, yet able to reassure them that with practice comes progress. After thumbing through the workbook, we began our first exercise: One Letter 100 Ways. Students were impressed with faux calligraphy ((Who doesn’t love faux calligraphy?!)) and were able to choose from a variety of pens and markers. I wanted them to see that the end result of faux calligraphy is not the tool; it’s the technique. Next, we learned how to “lift the pen.” It was eye-opening for the students, as it was for me when I learned. I remember it being an “aha” moment. I was so excited to see that same light switch turn on for them like it did for me! ​Students learned another cool style similar to faux calligraphy but less time-consuming. After showing different styles of lettering and explaining each technique, we were able to discuss tools of the trade and more. The workshop lasted two hours, but I could have kept talking with them forever. I found myself entirely in my element. I feel so blessed to have this opportunity and look forward to sharing my passion of calligraphy and lettering with so many more! Spots are available for the Introduction to Modern Calligraphy workshop in the Market Common with Brooke Holden Calligraphy. For more information, click here. </s>" <s> SEPTEMBER 3, 2016 | 10 A.M. - 12:30 P.M. Brooke Holden Calligraphy held its first workshop in Myrtle Beach and I am still floating! The turnout was great and the fellowship was even better. I felt like I had been preparing for that class my whole life. It came very natural to me because I could see a glimpse of myself in each of my students. I was able to share with others the intimidation I felt first starting out, yet able to reassure them that with practice comes progress. After thumbing through the workbook, we began our first exercise: One Letter 100 Ways. Students were impressed with faux calligraphy ((Who doesn’t love faux calligraphy?!)) and were able to choose from a variety of pens and markers. I wanted them to see that the end result of faux calligraphy is not the tool; it’s the technique. Next, we learned how to “lift the pen.” It was eye-opening for the students, as it was for me when I learned. I remember it being an “aha” moment. I was so excited to see that same light switch turn on for them like it did for me! ​Students learned another cool style similar to faux calligraphy but less time-consuming. After showing different styles of lettering and explaining each technique, we were able to discuss tools of the trade and more. The workshop lasted two hours, but I could have kept talking with them forever. I found myself entirely in my element. I feel so blessed to have this opportunity and look forward to sharing my passion of calligraphy and lettering with so many more! Spots are available for the Introduction to Modern Calligraphy workshop in the Market Common with Brooke Holden Calligraphy. For more information, click here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar - New Happy Flower !! Buy online 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant online and send this plant to your expensive one. 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar, Six Layer bamboo plant could be a good match. Kept it reception or workplace. This Layer Bamboo Plant is understood to be the foremost common indoor plant. Six Lucky Bamboo layer is making certain the nice fortune. It’s believed that keeping such plant reception or at the geographical point brings serenity and quietness. Lucky bamboos create good gifts for any occasion. 6 Layer Bamboo Plant seven layer could be an image of joy. With its every growing leaf, it carries on prosperity into the lives of the folks. The plant will certainly last longer and shows its result for an extended length. Buy online 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar and send this plant to your expensive one. Keep 6 layer bamboo plant in water in any respect times. </s>" <s> 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar - New Happy Flower !! Buy online 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant online and send this plant to your expensive one. 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar, Six Layer bamboo plant could be a good match. Kept it reception or workplace. This Layer Bamboo Plant is understood to be the foremost common indoor plant. Six Lucky Bamboo layer is making certain the nice fortune. It’s believed that keeping such plant reception or at the geographical point brings serenity and quietness. Lucky bamboos create good gifts for any occasion. 6 Layer Bamboo Plant seven layer could be an image of joy. With its every growing leaf, it carries on prosperity into the lives of the folks. The plant will certainly last longer and shows its result for an extended length. Buy online 6 Layer Lucky Bamboo Plant in Laxmi Nagar and send this plant to your expensive one. Keep 6 layer bamboo plant in water in any respect times. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> In just one week, you will start seeing these posters in downtown San Anselmo. It is my first year, participating in Marin Arts Council, Open Studios. The San Anselmo Inn has graciously welcomed me back for this event. The rest of the San Anselmo artists will be showing their work in open studios the following weekend. I have created a MAP of all San Anselmo Artists. If you would like a copy of this, please pick one up at San Anselmo Coffee Roasters, San Anselmo Inn, Ross Valley Winery, or Barton's Bagels. Please look for the green basket with pink writing for the San Anselmo Artist Maps. You may also click on the map here and print the jpg file yourself. 1. I will be out on the sidewalk near the San Anselmo Inn, oil painting at my easel, plein air all day! Kate Peper, a local watercolor artist, will be painting plein air, watercolor paintings as well. 2. I am having a 50% off sale of all my older works from this year. Feel free to make me an offer on anything you are interested in at this time, as I am looking to clear my inventory so I have more room for new paintings. This is the only time, all year that I am able to offer my work at such low costs, as there are no commissions taken for Marin Open Studios. 3. I will be hosting a silent auction of a select group of paintings at the Inn, Saturday only, with bidding starting as low as $100. At the end of the day, the highest bidder will be called and notified of their top bid. 4. 10% of ALL sales made this day will go to YES Foundation, to support Ross Valley Schools Music and Art education. 4. Refreshments and treats will be available through out the day. Please come by! Mother's Day is May 11th... Local art is a great gift! Looking forward to seeing you on the 3rd. </s>" <s> In just one week, you will start seeing these posters in downtown San Anselmo. It is my first year, participating in Marin Arts Council, Open Studios. The San Anselmo Inn has graciously welcomed me back for this event. The rest of the San Anselmo artists will be showing their work in open studios the following weekend. I have created a MAP of all San Anselmo Artists. If you would like a copy of this, please pick one up at San Anselmo Coffee Roasters, San Anselmo Inn, Ross Valley Winery, or Barton's Bagels. Please look for the green basket with pink writing for the San Anselmo Artist Maps. You may also click on the map here and print the jpg file yourself. 1. I will be out on the sidewalk near the San Anselmo Inn, oil painting at my easel, plein air all day! Kate Peper, a local watercolor artist, will be painting plein air, watercolor paintings as well. 2. I am having a 50% off sale of all my older works from this year. Feel free to make me an offer on anything you are interested in at this time, as I am looking to clear my inventory so I have more room for new paintings. This is the only time, all year that I am able to offer my work at such low costs, as there are no commissions taken for Marin Open Studios. 3. I will be hosting a silent auction of a select group of paintings at the Inn, Saturday only, with bidding starting as low as $100. At the end of the day, the highest bidder will be called and notified of their top bid. 4. 10% of ALL sales made this day will go to YES Foundation, to support Ross Valley Schools Music and Art education. 4. Refreshments and treats will be available through out the day. Please come by! Mother's Day is May 11th... Local art is a great gift! Looking forward to seeing you on the 3rd. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Google Street View Boedo.Google Maps Spain. Google Maps Street View of Boedo, Castrejón de la Peña, Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. Find where is Boedo located. Zoom in and zoom out the satellite map. Search for street addresses and locations. Find latitude,longitude and elevation for each position of the Google Street View Marker. Get accommodation in Boedo or nearby Boedo. </s>" <s> Google Street View Boedo.Google Maps Spain. Google Maps Street View of Boedo, Castrejón de la Peña, Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. Find where is Boedo located. Zoom in and zoom out the satellite map. Search for street addresses and locations. Find latitude,longitude and elevation for each position of the Google Street View Marker. Get accommodation in Boedo or nearby Boedo. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> The Governor will be calling special sessions to deal with budget woes and redistricting reform. It's reported that he'll use his State of the State address on Wednesday to reiterate his commitment to fixing our sorry finances and to call for reforms in the way districts are drawn - which would likely change the face of California policy by changing the faces of policymakers. Of course, he'll again threaten to go straight to the voters, should the Legislature fail to do his bidding. Anyone believe that anymore? Or better yet, anyone still believe he'll fight against special interests? The same ones that cease to be special once he cuts deals with them? The same deals that resulted in the same kind of bad budget policy we've had for years? The article tells of the Governor's belief that the recall ""was fundamentally about reforming California government and California politis and our finance system. There should not be a delay in seeking that reform."" So, what, 2004 was just a warm up, no really, he'll start blowing up those boxes this year? As far as redistricting reform goes, regular readers (and most of my friends) know that I'm all for it. Not just any reform, of course, but if the Governor gets the language right - and if Ted Costa is kept on the bench - I'd support it. The article implies that should the system be reformed via a special election ballot this fall, new boundaries might be drawn and implemented for the 2006 season. That's HIGHLY speculative and depends entirely on the language of such an initiative. I'd be against that. Leave mid-decade antics to Texas Republicans, thanks. The Democrats - judging by Fabian Nunez's recent editorial (looking for the link, sorry) - are taking a ""no"" position on this - but they would be foolish not to deliberate on this a bit more. The Wednesday night speech (usually broadcast solely on NBC - kudos to them - and perhaps some cable or public station) should be, at the very least, entertaining. And, anyone who cares to place a bet on the number of movie references and/or the pacing of such references is welcome to do so. For instance, at the RNC last summer, Arnold pulled a hat trick in the first 5 minutes of his speech. Still waiting for the ""Jingle All the Way"" reference. C'mon, Arnie, don't disappoint me! </s>" <s> The Governor will be calling special sessions to deal with budget woes and redistricting reform. It's reported that he'll use his State of the State address on Wednesday to reiterate his commitment to fixing our sorry finances and to call for reforms in the way districts are drawn - which would likely change the face of California policy by changing the faces of policymakers. Of course, he'll again threaten to go straight to the voters, should the Legislature fail to do his bidding. Anyone believe that anymore? Or better yet, anyone still believe he'll fight against special interests? The same ones that cease to be special once he cuts deals with them? The same deals that resulted in the same kind of bad budget policy we've had for years? The article tells of the Governor's belief that the recall """was" fundamentally about reforming California government and California politis and our finance system. There should not be a delay in seeking that "reform.""" So, what, 2004 was just a warm up, no really, he'll start blowing up those boxes this year? As far as redistricting reform goes, regular readers (and most of my friends) know that I'm all for it. Not just any reform, of course, but if the Governor gets the language right - and if Ted Costa is kept on the bench - I'd support it. The article implies that should the system be reformed via a special election ballot this fall, new boundaries might be drawn and implemented for the 2006 season. That's HIGHLY speculative and depends entirely on the language of such an initiative. I'd be against that. Leave mid-decade antics to Texas Republicans, thanks. The Democrats - judging by Fabian Nunez's recent editorial (looking for the link, sorry) - are taking a """no""" position on this - but they would be foolish not to deliberate on this a bit more. The Wednesday night speech (usually broadcast solely on NBC - kudos to them - and perhaps some cable or public station) should be, at the very least, entertaining. And, anyone who cares to place a bet on the number of movie references and/or the pacing of such references is welcome to do so. For instance, at the RNC last summer, Arnold pulled a hat trick in the first 5 minutes of his speech. Still waiting for the """Jingle" All the "Way""" reference. C'mon, Arnie, don't disappoint me! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Asbury Park and Neptune will both have celebrations of Black HIstory Month this week. Two celebrations for Black History Month will be coming to Asbury Park and Neptune this week. On Sunday, St. Stephen AME Zion Church in Asbury Park will host its Black History Month service at 11 a.m. The speaker will be the Rev. Dr. Dominique A. Robinson on the theme ""Crisis in the Village - Restoring Hope."" The church is located at 1001 Springwood Ave., Asbury Park. Neptune Township and the Board of Education will host its 15th annual Black History Celebration on Saturday, Feb. 16, at the Michael T. Lake Performing Arts Center. The theme will be ""Black Migrations"" and feature families with African roots. The program will begin at noon at 55 Neptune Blvd., Neptune. For more information call 732-988-4400. </s>" <s> Asbury Park and Neptune will both have celebrations of Black HIstory Month this week. Two celebrations for Black History Month will be coming to Asbury Park and Neptune this week. On Sunday, St. Stephen AME Zion Church in Asbury Park will host its Black History Month service at 11 a.m. The speaker will be the Rev. Dr. Dominique A. Robinson on the theme """Crisis" in the Village - Restoring "Hope.""" The church is located at 1001 Springwood Ave., Asbury Park. Neptune Township and the Board of Education will host its 15th annual Black History Celebration on Saturday, Feb. 16, at the Michael T. Lake Performing Arts Center. The theme will be """Black" "Migrations""" and feature families with African roots. The program will begin at noon at 55 Neptune Blvd., Neptune. For more information call 732-988-4400. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Home » talk amongst yourselves » question of the weekend: Was it a good idea to pull the plug on SETI? question of the weekend: Was it a good idea to pull the plug on SETI? SAN FRANCISCO – In the mountains of Northern California, a field of radio dishes that look like giant dinner plates waited for years for the first call from intelligent life among the stars. But they’re not listening anymore. Cash-strapped governments, it seems, can no longer pay the interstellar phone bill. Astronomers at the SETI Institute said a steep drop in state and federal funds has forced the shutdown of the Allen Telescope Array, a powerful tool in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, an effort scientists refer to as SETI. Other telescopes are available for the search, but not to the degree that the SETI Institute engaged in the project. The institute is looking into alternative funding — you can donate at the org’s site — but isn’t this something that our national society should be investing in in the same way we fund, say, defense? Isn’t this something the global society should publicly fund? How can seeking the answer to a question that, should we find that answer, would profoundly impact us as a species be left to a matter of individual, private donations? you know how you always miss that call you were waiting for? now the whole world will too. see, now would be the time for all good gamers to develop a game that would also search for such signals. </s>" <s> Home » talk amongst yourselves » question of the weekend: Was it a good idea to pull the plug on SETI? question of the weekend: Was it a good idea to pull the plug on SETI? SAN FRANCISCO – In the mountains of Northern California, a field of radio dishes that look like giant dinner plates waited for years for the first call from intelligent life among the stars. But they’re not listening anymore. Cash-strapped governments, it seems, can no longer pay the interstellar phone bill. Astronomers at the SETI Institute said a steep drop in state and federal funds has forced the shutdown of the Allen Telescope Array, a powerful tool in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, an effort scientists refer to as SETI. Other telescopes are available for the search, but not to the degree that the SETI Institute engaged in the project. The institute is looking into alternative funding — you can donate at the org’s site — but isn’t this something that our national society should be investing in in the same way we fund, say, defense? Isn’t this something the global society should publicly fund? How can seeking the answer to a question that, should we find that answer, would profoundly impact us as a species be left to a matter of individual, private donations? you know how you always miss that call you were waiting for? now the whole world will too. see, now would be the time for all good gamers to develop a game that would also search for such signals. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Need to get in touch? Please submit the form below to contact us. We will respond to your message as soon as possible. </s>" <s> Need to get in touch? Please submit the form below to contact us. We will respond to your message as soon as possible. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Synopsis: When Geoff, an orphaned stable boy (Chris Masterson), discovers Drake (voice of Robby Benson), the world’s last living dragon, he realizes that his dream of becoming a knight in shining armor can now come true. Together, they soon face challenges that turn them into heroes. But caught up in the excitement of their new lives, Geoff and Drake fail to see the hidden dangers that surround them. </s>" <s> Synopsis: When Geoff, an orphaned stable boy (Chris Masterson), discovers Drake (voice of Robby Benson), the world’s last living dragon, he realizes that his dream of becoming a knight in shining armor can now come true. Together, they soon face challenges that turn them into heroes. But caught up in the excitement of their new lives, Geoff and Drake fail to see the hidden dangers that surround them. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The Writers Guild of America just announced the nominations for their upcoming WGA Awards, and Mr. Robot was among the nominees. The Writers Guild of America Awards honors outstanding achievements in film, television, and radio, and Mr. Robot is nominated for Best Drama Series, and Best New Series. You can watch the complete first season of Mr. Robot before the WGA Awards on February 13, 2016. </s>" <s> The Writers Guild of America just announced the nominations for their upcoming WGA Awards, and Mr. Robot was among the nominees. The Writers Guild of America Awards honors outstanding achievements in film, television, and radio, and Mr. Robot is nominated for Best Drama Series, and Best New Series. You can watch the complete first season of Mr. Robot before the WGA Awards on February 13, 2016. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> on November 11, 2014, only on BET and you could see your tweets on the screen! What are you waiting for? Follow us on Twitter @BETCinema, start tweeting and let's have some fun! </s>" <s> on November 11, 2014, only on BET and you could see your tweets on the screen! What are you waiting for? Follow us on Twitter @BETCinema, start tweeting and let's have some fun! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> New on the market... this tastefully renovated cluster home is priced to move. Amenities on offer include: Inviting entrance, spacious open plan lounge and dining room with beautiful tiling. Gorgeous kitchen with beautiful counter tops. 3 bedrooms. 2 new bathrooms. SIngle garage with direct access. Compact courtyard styled garden. Lone Ridge is a small complex of 21 units - offering pride of ownership and very low running costs. </s>" <s> New on the market... this tastefully renovated cluster home is priced to move. Amenities on offer include: Inviting entrance, spacious open plan lounge and dining room with beautiful tiling. Gorgeous kitchen with beautiful counter tops. 3 bedrooms. 2 new bathrooms. SIngle garage with direct access. Compact courtyard styled garden. Lone Ridge is a small complex of 21 units - offering pride of ownership and very low running costs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Crystal RG. Alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency, emphysema, and liver disease. Genetic basis and strategies for therapy. J Clin Invest. 1990;85(5):1343-1352. Campos MA, Wanner A, Zhang G, Sandhaus RA. Trends in the diagnosis of symptomatic patients with α-antitrypsin deficiency between 1968 and 2003. Chest. 2005;128(3):1179-1186. Kelbel T, Morris D, Walker D, Henao MP, Craig T. The allergist’s role in detection of severe alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract. 2017. doi:10.1016/j.jaip.2017.01.008. Strange C, Stoller JK, Sandhaus RA, Dickson R, Turino G. Results of a survey of patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiration. 2006;73(2):185-190. Thelin T, Sveger T, McNeil TF. Primary prevention in a high-risk group: smoking habits in adolescents with homozygous alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency (ATD). Acta Paediatr. 1996;85:1207-1212. Bernspang E, Sveger T, Piitulainen E. Respiratory symptoms and lung function in 30-year old individuals with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respir Med. 2007;101:1971-1976. Stoller JK, Aboussouan LS. A review of α1-antitrypsin deficiency. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2012;185(3):246-259. Ferrarotti I, Thun GA, Zorzetto M, et al. Serum levels and genotype distribution of α1-antitrypsin in the general population. Thorax. 2012;67(8):669-774. Schlade-Bartusiak K, Cox DW. Alpha1-Antitrypsin Deficiency. 2006 Oct 27 [Updated 2008 Feb 6]. In: Pagon RA, Adam MP, Bird TD, et al, eds. GeneReviewsTM [Internet]. Seattle (WA): University of Washington, Seattle; 1993-2013. </s>" <s> Crystal RG. Alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency, emphysema, and liver disease. Genetic basis and strategies for therapy. J Clin Invest. 1990;85(5):1343-1352. Campos MA, Wanner A, Zhang G, Sandhaus RA. Trends in the diagnosis of symptomatic patients with α-antitrypsin deficiency between 1968 and 2003. Chest. 2005;128(3):1179-1186. Kelbel T, Morris D, Walker D, Henao MP, Craig T. The allergist’s role in detection of severe alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract. 2017. doi:10.1016/j.jaip.2017.01.008. Strange C, Stoller JK, Sandhaus RA, Dickson R, Turino G. Results of a survey of patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiration. 2006;73(2):185-190. Thelin T, Sveger T, McNeil TF. Primary prevention in a high-risk group: smoking habits in adolescents with homozygous alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency (ATD). Acta Paediatr. 1996;85:1207-1212. Bernspang E, Sveger T, Piitulainen E. Respiratory symptoms and lung function in 30-year old individuals with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respir Med. 2007;101:1971-1976. Stoller JK, Aboussouan LS. A review of α1-antitrypsin deficiency. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2012;185(3):246-259. Ferrarotti I, Thun GA, Zorzetto M, et al. Serum levels and genotype distribution of α1-antitrypsin in the general population. Thorax. 2012;67(8):669-774. Schlade-Bartusiak K, Cox DW. Alpha1-Antitrypsin Deficiency. 2006 Oct 27 [Updated 2008 Feb 6]. In: Pagon RA, Adam MP, Bird TD, et al, eds. GeneReviewsTM [Internet]. Seattle (WA): University of Washington, Seattle; 1993-2013. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Carson City’s Jerry Allec Jr. has qualified for today’s NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race. Allec qualified in his second try on the Craftsman Truck Series after failing in his first attempt at Martinsville, Va. Allec qualified 32nd for today’s Rocky Mountain 200 being held at the Pikes Peak International Raceway in Fountain, Colo. Allec qualified with a speed of 123.296 miles an hour. As the 32nd fastest qualifier, Allec won one of the 32 positions that was determined by speed. There were four other provisional qualifiers for the 36-car field, which also included a couple more Winston Cup drivers than expected. Allec’s time was a half second faster than the next closest qualifier. Allec said his goal for today is “finishing and just picking up as many positions as I can.” Allec said he’ll be shooting for the $2,000 bonus that goes to the drive who moves up the most positions. Jason Leffler won the pole position for the race on the one-mile track with a qualifying speed of 132.460. Steve Portenga of Sparks who raced at Champion Speedway qualified 25th in 126.130. The race will be televised at 1 p.m. today by ESPN. Allec will be driving the No. 93 truck while Portenga will be driving the No. 39 truck. </s>" <s> Carson City’s Jerry Allec Jr. has qualified for today’s NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race. Allec qualified in his second try on the Craftsman Truck Series after failing in his first attempt at Martinsville, Va. Allec qualified 32nd for today’s Rocky Mountain 200 being held at the Pikes Peak International Raceway in Fountain, Colo. Allec qualified with a speed of 123.296 miles an hour. As the 32nd fastest qualifier, Allec won one of the 32 positions that was determined by speed. There were four other provisional qualifiers for the 36-car field, which also included a couple more Winston Cup drivers than expected. Allec’s time was a half second faster than the next closest qualifier. Allec said his goal for today is “finishing and just picking up as many positions as I can.” Allec said he’ll be shooting for the $2,000 bonus that goes to the drive who moves up the most positions. Jason Leffler won the pole position for the race on the one-mile track with a qualifying speed of 132.460. Steve Portenga of Sparks who raced at Champion Speedway qualified 25th in 126.130. The race will be televised at 1 p.m. today by ESPN. Allec will be driving the No. 93 truck while Portenga will be driving the No. 39 truck. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Ballon Bleu de Cartier watch, 36 mm, self-winding mechanical movement. Steel case, 18K pink gold bezel, fluted 18K pink gold crown set with a synthetic cabochon-shaped spinel. 12-zone flinqué dial with silvered lacquered sunray effect set with 11 brilliant-cut diamonds totaling 0.09 carats. Blued-steel sword-shaped hands. Sapphire crystal. 18K pink gold and steel bracelet. Wrist size: 185 mm. Case thickness: 12.05 mm. Water-resistant to 3 bar (approx. 30 meters/100 feet). Cartier always seeks to perfect the harmony of each one of its creations. Because of this, the carat weight and the number of precious stones can vary slightly from piece to piece. Please do not hesitate to contact our sales team should you require any further information regarding our creations. </s>" <s> Ballon Bleu de Cartier watch, 36 mm, self-winding mechanical movement. Steel case, 18K pink gold bezel, fluted 18K pink gold crown set with a synthetic cabochon-shaped spinel. 12-zone flinqué dial with silvered lacquered sunray effect set with 11 brilliant-cut diamonds totaling 0.09 carats. Blued-steel sword-shaped hands. Sapphire crystal. 18K pink gold and steel bracelet. Wrist size: 185 mm. Case thickness: 12.05 mm. Water-resistant to 3 bar (approx. 30 meters/100 feet). Cartier always seeks to perfect the harmony of each one of its creations. Because of this, the carat weight and the number of precious stones can vary slightly from piece to piece. Please do not hesitate to contact our sales team should you require any further information regarding our creations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> This is our 3rd year, taking part in this long standing, Derbyshire tradition, alongside Whitwell Scouts & Guides. The dates of the display this year are - 7th - 15th July. What a fabulous week so far! Pictures to follow! If anyone would like to spare us a few hours between 9-3pm week commencing 3rd July, please let us know at the school office so that we can organise a rota. </s>" <s> This is our 3rd year, taking part in this long standing, Derbyshire tradition, alongside Whitwell Scouts & Guides. The dates of the display this year are - 7th - 15th July. What a fabulous week so far! Pictures to follow! If anyone would like to spare us a few hours between 9-3pm week commencing 3rd July, please let us know at the school office so that we can organise a rota. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> I have talked a lot about wine and video and how wine and video and, in particular, how wine on YouTube behaves. YouTube is not centered on evergreen content... instead it is focused on vloggers. It is easy to figure out–just look behind the curtain and view the analytics. The analytics tells you what YouTube views as not just important but their only concern. Look at realtime data and you see two specific performance metrics: 60 minutes and 48 hour rates. Well that is to view the just published video and how it performs immediately and the 48 hour is to view the highest point a video might perform and again this is only for the general vlogger not for evergreen content producers. For vloggers these two-time points are key to success/non-success but that does not describe how evergreen content performs as it performs over time not just on release. Like it or not YouTube–evergreen content may not be the majority of videos published but if you look at all product reviews, how to’s, technology, cooking etc. this is part of that large community of evergreen content producers. And this is important because even those who look for successful video influences should look at over all performance rates over time versus the short run. YouTube also has the peculiarity of minutes viewed as singularly more important than clicks. No one knows the YouTube algorithm exactly but most likely there is no value to clicks any longer–but I would question that move and say it is a mistake. What the viewing public has access to... is only the click rate. So I view clicks equally as important as content minutes viewed and more factors as well. What I simply did was review all my video clicks and then graphed it. I had an intuitive sense of how my videos perform but wanted to verify and see if there was a pattern. I suspected there was one but I was only looking painstakingly at each video in the video manager. There is not a lot of insight there but viewing simple performance metrics I had a sense of how videos perform over time. The above graph represents over 2,000 videos and their click rates from channel inception (2009) to today (2019) – ten years worth of data. This curve which I call an evergreen curve (relevant content and shelf stable) I believe this represents many evergreen categories – wine is certainly one of them. Wine is superbly complex, easily more complex than any other consumer category. This curve shows to me there is a viewer who is selectively looking for very specific wine content. There are many other metrics YouTube and Google offer: I am endlessly fascinated with video performance. There are two specific spikes on my channel that I would like to highlight my number one and number two YouTube videos. While it seems like something out of the ordinary it is something that continues to lead view performance even today. If I were to guess about what would have been my top ten videos I most likely would not have guessed correctly. So video performance is the willingness to be surprised in both directions. I have an axiom for YouTube video content behaviour: “that what you think will be successful is not and that which you least suspect will be successful.” I might be the first person to say this–but the sentiment rings out at Vidcon year over year in producer workshops. I point out all of this information because I know that if a casual viewer is looking at performance rate and looks at say the last three-to-six months it may appear that video performance is low on a wine channel–instead it is something that does well in the medium and long-term. I know that someone might make a quick judgement without understanding wine videos and how they perform. I had recently requested a sample bottle from a certain brand in Napa Valley and they were clearly not interested in video. What I was told was that I could get a bottle if and only if I can get a review or article in hard copy media (magazine, newspaper). I know no one is going to pick up an article on this producer as their story has been told extensively. My story objective was how is one of their recent vintages today? Clearly the print only approach is futile and not realistic. For this particular producer I wouldn’t reach out to again. I am not going to pitch the impossible because I suspect if I did it would still result in a ‘no’. This producer is not worth my time now. I think this person represents many producers who view the printed word as the only word that is important. I do think video is very important and without looking at an evergreen content position we remain stuck. Stuck insofar as many video producers I do not think take an evergreen video approach and give up quickly. I do think there is an expectation of wine video content to perform like a non-wine vlogs–immediate and with unrealistic click rates. I am not sure that non-video content performs any differently. So far my very elementary data analysis of written pieces tends to show that evergreen content performs similarly to video. Wine producers, I think have been accustomed to seeing pieces about their wine in print and like hard copy media but this format is that content comes out and it is quickly forgotten. Online media is searchable and the quest to know about wine, wine history, winemaking, science, and individual wines is open for anyone to find at anytime in the future. There is a wine video viewer that is seeking content on YouTube and I suspect when they go to the platform they cannot locate wine content because it does not exist for their specific search–over time people start to think wine video content is simply not there. I have long advocated for more wine video content producers and that it is a valid media. Jancis Robinson in one of her wine videos questions wine video. She says and I am paraphrasing that wine videos are a “spectator sport.” I don’t agree with her position. Video is about adding layers of connection and stickiness to view that the written word cannot quite convey. So I still believe in wine video production and have the long time presence. I enjoy it and I believe in the video medium and it is something that is accessible, conveying more than just a written word but a rainbow of possibilities. Smartly engaging analytics and knowing how to view and being curious to see the longer view of what wine content does can guide to success and planning on how to use and reimplement that content for future consumption. I am glad I did this study and confirming thoughts I had about the evergreenness of wine video content. If you are a wine producer and thinking about video think of your content as something that will become evergreen. And if you are a video producer of wine videos like myself think about the long-term goal and your anchor is to think about how your videos are evergreen. It is certainly good for my media kit! This entry was posted in Evergreen, Wine and Video, Wine Videos, YouTube. Bookmark the permalink. </s>" <s> I have talked a lot about wine and video and how wine and video and, in particular, how wine on YouTube behaves. YouTube is not centered on evergreen content... instead it is focused on vloggers. It is easy to figure out–just look behind the curtain and view the analytics. The analytics tells you what YouTube views as not just important but their only concern. Look at realtime data and you see two specific performance metrics: 60 minutes and 48 hour rates. Well that is to view the just published video and how it performs immediately and the 48 hour is to view the highest point a video might perform and again this is only for the general vlogger not for evergreen content producers. For vloggers these two-time points are key to success/non-success but that does not describe how evergreen content performs as it performs over time not just on release. Like it or not YouTube–evergreen content may not be the majority of videos published but if you look at all product reviews, how to’s, technology, cooking etc. this is part of that large community of evergreen content producers. And this is important because even those who look for successful video influences should look at over all performance rates over time versus the short run. YouTube also has the peculiarity of minutes viewed as singularly more important than clicks. No one knows the YouTube algorithm exactly but most likely there is no value to clicks any longer–but I would question that move and say it is a mistake. What the viewing public has access to... is only the click rate. So I view clicks equally as important as content minutes viewed and more factors as well. What I simply did was review all my video clicks and then graphed it. I had an intuitive sense of how my videos perform but wanted to verify and see if there was a pattern. I suspected there was one but I was only looking painstakingly at each video in the video manager. There is not a lot of insight there but viewing simple performance metrics I had a sense of how videos perform over time. The above graph represents over 2,000 videos and their click rates from channel inception (2009) to today (2019) – ten years worth of data. This curve which I call an evergreen curve (relevant content and shelf stable) I believe this represents many evergreen categories – wine is certainly one of them. Wine is superbly complex, easily more complex than any other consumer category. This curve shows to me there is a viewer who is selectively looking for very specific wine content. There are many other metrics YouTube and Google offer: I am endlessly fascinated with video performance. There are two specific spikes on my channel that I would like to highlight my number one and number two YouTube videos. While it seems like something out of the ordinary it is something that continues to lead view performance even today. If I were to guess about what would have been my top ten videos I most likely would not have guessed correctly. So video performance is the willingness to be surprised in both directions. I have an axiom for YouTube video content behaviour: “that what you think will be successful is not and that which you least suspect will be successful.” I might be the first person to say this–but the sentiment rings out at Vidcon year over year in producer workshops. I point out all of this information because I know that if a casual viewer is looking at performance rate and looks at say the last three-to-six months it may appear that video performance is low on a wine channel–instead it is something that does well in the medium and long-term. I know that someone might make a quick judgement without understanding wine videos and how they perform. I had recently requested a sample bottle from a certain brand in Napa Valley and they were clearly not interested in video. What I was told was that I could get a bottle if and only if I can get a review or article in hard copy media (magazine, newspaper). I know no one is going to pick up an article on this producer as their story has been told extensively. My story objective was how is one of their recent vintages today? Clearly the print only approach is futile and not realistic. For this particular producer I wouldn’t reach out to again. I am not going to pitch the impossible because I suspect if I did it would still result in a ‘no’. This producer is not worth my time now. I think this person represents many producers who view the printed word as the only word that is important. I do think video is very important and without looking at an evergreen content position we remain stuck. Stuck insofar as many video producers I do not think take an evergreen video approach and give up quickly. I do think there is an expectation of wine video content to perform like a non-wine vlogs–immediate and with unrealistic click rates. I am not sure that non-video content performs any differently. So far my very elementary data analysis of written pieces tends to show that evergreen content performs similarly to video. Wine producers, I think have been accustomed to seeing pieces about their wine in print and like hard copy media but this format is that content comes out and it is quickly forgotten. Online media is searchable and the quest to know about wine, wine history, winemaking, science, and individual wines is open for anyone to find at anytime in the future. There is a wine video viewer that is seeking content on YouTube and I suspect when they go to the platform they cannot locate wine content because it does not exist for their specific search–over time people start to think wine video content is simply not there. I have long advocated for more wine video content producers and that it is a valid media. Jancis Robinson in one of her wine videos questions wine video. She says and I am paraphrasing that wine videos are a “spectator sport.” I don’t agree with her position. Video is about adding layers of connection and stickiness to view that the written word cannot quite convey. So I still believe in wine video production and have the long time presence. I enjoy it and I believe in the video medium and it is something that is accessible, conveying more than just a written word but a rainbow of possibilities. Smartly engaging analytics and knowing how to view and being curious to see the longer view of what wine content does can guide to success and planning on how to use and reimplement that content for future consumption. I am glad I did this study and confirming thoughts I had about the evergreenness of wine video content. If you are a wine producer and thinking about video think of your content as something that will become evergreen. And if you are a video producer of wine videos like myself think about the long-term goal and your anchor is to think about how your videos are evergreen. It is certainly good for my media kit! This entry was posted in Evergreen, Wine and Video, Wine Videos, YouTube. Bookmark the permalink. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> M20 area - Didsbury, Manchester. Customer requires person for spraying job. Could be ongoing. Contact us to pass your details on - thanks. Sprayer needed in East Sussex? Sprayer required for 9 acres of paddock. Weed identification on the go! Lincolnshire Show 2017 - Make sure you pop by for a chat & light refreshment! United Nations/World Health Organisation panels conclude glyphosate ""non-carcinogenic"" Two-thirds of Europeans support a ban on glyphosate, the most-widely used agricultural chemical in the world’s history, according to a new Yougov poll. </s>" <s> M20 area - Didsbury, Manchester. Customer requires person for spraying job. Could be ongoing. Contact us to pass your details on - thanks. Sprayer needed in East Sussex? Sprayer required for 9 acres of paddock. Weed identification on the go! Lincolnshire Show 2017 - Make sure you pop by for a chat & light refreshment! United Nations/World Health Organisation panels conclude glyphosate """non-carcinogenic""" Two-thirds of Europeans support a ban on glyphosate, the most-widely used agricultural chemical in the world’s history, according to a new Yougov poll. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> 3 * gettime.c (isotimestamp): New. 5 * ttyio.c (tty_get_ttyname): Posixly correct usage of ctermid. 7 * dns-cert.c: New. Taken from 1.4.3's util/cert.c. 12 * pka.c: New. Taked from 1.4.3. 14 * Makefile.am: Added pka. 20 (answer_is_okay_cancel): new. From 1.4.3. 22 * miscellaneous.c (match_multistr): New. Taken from 1.4.3. 26 * ttyio.h: Add prototypes and stubs. 30 * iobuf.c (iobuf_get_fd): New. Taken from 1.4.3. 34 Weimer. Added new argument PARTIAL. 35 (block_filter): Remove the old gpg indeterminate length mode. 37 that ends with a 5-byte length that happens to be zero. 40 (iobuf_get_filelength): New arg OVERFLOW. 42 * miscellaneous.c (is_file_compressed): Take care of OVERFLOW. 46 * homedir.c (w32_shgetfolderpath): New. Taken from gpg 1.4.3. 52 instead of just if it is defined. 56 * Makefile.am (AM_CFLAGS): Add $(LIBASSUAN_CFLAGS). 60 * simple-pwquery.h (simple_pwclear): New prototype. 61 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_pwclear): New function. 65 * miscellaneous.c (make_printable_string): Made P a void*. 68 Fixed signed/unsigned pointer mismatch. 71 use cast the warning away. 72 * iobuf.c (block_filter): Ditto. 75 (iobuf_read): Make BUFFER a void *. 76 (iobuf_write): Make BUFFER a const void *. 77 * ttyio.c (tty_print_utf8_string2): Ditto. 78 * estream.c (estream_cookie_mem): Make MEMORY unsigned char*. 79 (es_write): Make BUFFER a void *. 84 (es_func_mem_write): Made MEMORY_NEW an unsigned char *. 86 (es_cookie_write_function_t): Changed buffer arg to void*. 90 * estream.c: Use HAVE_CONFIG_H and not USE_CONFIG_H! 91 (es_func_fd_read, es_func_fd_write): Protect against EINTR. 95 * Makefile.am (AM_CPPFLAGS): Added. 97 * util.h: Add some includes for gnulib. 98 (ttyname, isascii): Define them inline. 99 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: Removed. 100 * strsep.c, mkdtemp.c: Removed. 101 * ttyname.c, isascii.c: Removed. 110 get a name for it. 112 conditional for sys_siglist to the correct one. 116 * sexputil.c (cmp_simple_canon_sexp): New. 125 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_pwquery): Use spwq_secure_free. 129 * Makefile.am (AM_CFLAGS): Added PTH_CFLAGS. Noted by Kazu Yamamoto. 133 * xasprintf.c (xtryasprintf): New. 139 * estream.c, estream.h: New files. 144 2004-12-18; cut+paste error for lc-messages. 148 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open) [W32]: Implement for W32. 149 (readline) [W32]: Use recv instead of read. 150 (writen) [W32]: Use send instead of write. 152 continues to be self-contained. 153 (agent_send_all_options) [W32]: Don't call ttyname. 157 * simple-pwquery.h (simple_query): Add prototype. 158 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_query): New function. 163 (got_fatal_signal) [DOSISH]: Don't build. 168 * Makefile.am (libcommon_a_SOURCES): Add it. 169 (EXTRA_DIST): Removed mkerror and mkerrtok. 173 * sysutils.h [W32]: Define sleep. 174 * util.h: Add prototype for mkdtemp. 176 * membuf.c (put_membuf): Wipe out buffer after a failed realloc. 180 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err_with_source): Oops, args were swapped. 184 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Renamed to .. 191 * sysutils.h [W32]: Prototypes for registry functions. 194 * simple-pwquery.c [W32]: Dummy code to allow a build. 196 * exechelp.c [W32]: Implemented for W32 . 200 * asshelp.c (send_one_option): New. 202 values are not send. 206 * asshelp.c (send_pinentry_environment) [W32]: Do not use ttyname. 210 * exechelp.h, exechelp.c: New. Based on code from ../sm/import.c. 214 * strsep.c: Fixed copyright comments. 220 * simple-pwquery.c [_WIN32]: Include winsock2.h. 223 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: Include sys/types for the sake of W32. 236 * maperror.c: Removed header ksba.h. Not required anymore. 240 * xreadline.c: New. Based on the iobuf_read_line function. 244 * util.h (xtrycalloc_secure,xtrymalloc_secure): New. 248 * sysutils.c (disable_core_dumps): Only set the current limit. 253 * simple-pwquery.c (copy_and_escape): Relaxed quoting. 257 * errors.h (STATUS_NEWSIG): New. 261 * dynload.h [__MINGW32__]: Define RTLD_LAZY. 265 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Map the Locale_Problem item. 269 * asshelp.c, asshelp.h: New. 270 (send_pinentry_environment): New. Code taken from ../sm/call-agent.c. 274 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open): Don't mangle INFOSTR. 278 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open): Ignore an empty GPG_AGENT_INFO. 280 * errors.h: Added STATUS_IMPORT_OK. 284 * b64enc.c: New. Based on code from ../sm/base64.c. 288 * Makefile.am (libcommon_a_SOURCES): Add xasprintf.c. 290 * xasprintf (xasprintf): ... here. New file. 291 This allows to use xasprintf without sucking in gpg-error. 295 * sexp-parse.h: New; moved from../agent. 297 * util.h (xtoi_4): New. 301 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Prepared for a new error code. 305 * gettime.c (asctimestamp): Add a note on a non-avoidable gcc warning. 310 * miscellaneous.c (xasprintf): New. 314 * mkdtemp.c (mkdtemp): Use gcry_create_nonce. 320 * util.h (vasprintf): Also fixed the prototype. 323 segv on Solaris. Reported by Andrew J. Schorr. 327 * maperror.c (map_ksba_err, map_gcry_err, map_kbx_err): Removed. 331 * util.h (gnupg_isotime_t): New. 334 * gettime.c (gnupg_get_isotime): New. 339 to avoid passing negative values and potential locale problems. 340 Problem noted by Christian Biere. 342 * util.h (ascii_isspace): New. 346 * ttyio.c (tty_fprintf): New. 348 (tty_print_utf8_string): Made P argument const byte*. 357 * dynload.h. New. W32 wrapper around the dynload mechanism. 361 * simple-pwquery.c, simple-pwquery.h: New; moved from ../agent. 362 * Makefile.am (libsimple_pwquery_a_LIBADD): New. 366 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Directly map 0 to 0. 382 * gettime.c (make_timestamp): New. 384 * ttyio.c: New. Taken from gnupg 1.2. 385 * ttyio.h: Move from ../include. 389 * util.h (seterr): Removed macro. 401 indent on it and adjusted error handling to libgpg-error style. 402 Replaced IOBUF by iobuf_t. Renamed malloc functions. 413 (map_assuan_err): Changed to new Assuan error code convention. 415 (map_gcry_err,map_kbx_err): Not needed. For now dummy functions. 417 * membuf.c, membuf.h: New. Code taken from ../sm/call-agent.h. 418 * Makefile.am: Added above. 422 * util.h (fopencokokie): Removed prototype and struct. 430 * isascii.c: New file. 441 * vasprintf.c (vasprintf) [va_copy]: Use va_copy. 442 [!va_copy && __va_copy]: Use __va_copy. 443 [!va_copy && !__va_copy]: Only now fall back to using memcpy. 447 * errors.h: Added STATUS_IMPORT_PROBLEM. 451 * vasprintf.c: Hack to handle NULL for %s. 455 * signal.c: New. Taken from GnuPG 1.1.91. 464 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: New. 473 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Map EOF to No_Data_Available. 477 * errors.h (gnupg_error_token): Add new prototype. 481 * Makefile.am: Use it to create the new error token function. 485 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Map Bad_CA_Certificate. 489 * no-pth.c, Makefile.am: Removed. 498 * maperror.c (map_gcry_err): Add libgcrypt's new S-expression errors. 499 (map_ksba_err): Add a few mappings. 507 * errors.h: Added STARUS_EXPSIG and STATUS_EXPKEYSIG. 515 * maperror.c: Add more assuan<->gnupg mappings. 519 * fopencookie.c: Dummy function. 522 ANSI-C stuff. Merged with asprintf version. 528 * mkdtemp.c: Copied from gnupg-1.0.6c and changed to use libgcrypt. 533 the OpenPGP stuff removed. 538 * maperror.c: Add mapping for Not_Trusted. 546 * util.h (spacep): New. 555 * maperror.c (map_gcry_err): Add some mappings. 563 * util.h (digitp, hexdigitp): New ctype like macros. 567 Copyright 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 571 modifications, as long as this notice is preserved. 575 implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. </s>" <s> 3 * gettime.c (isotimestamp): New. 5 * ttyio.c (tty_get_ttyname): Posixly correct usage of ctermid. 7 * dns-cert.c: New. Taken from 1.4.3's util/cert.c. 12 * pka.c: New. Taked from 1.4.3. 14 * Makefile.am: Added pka. 20 (answer_is_okay_cancel): new. From 1.4.3. 22 * miscellaneous.c (match_multistr): New. Taken from 1.4.3. 26 * ttyio.h: Add prototypes and stubs. 30 * iobuf.c (iobuf_get_fd): New. Taken from 1.4.3. 34 Weimer. Added new argument PARTIAL. 35 (block_filter): Remove the old gpg indeterminate length mode. 37 that ends with a 5-byte length that happens to be zero. 40 (iobuf_get_filelength): New arg OVERFLOW. 42 * miscellaneous.c (is_file_compressed): Take care of OVERFLOW. 46 * homedir.c (w32_shgetfolderpath): New. Taken from gpg 1.4.3. 52 instead of just if it is defined. 56 * Makefile.am (AM_CFLAGS): Add $(LIBASSUAN_CFLAGS). 60 * simple-pwquery.h (simple_pwclear): New prototype. 61 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_pwclear): New function. 65 * miscellaneous.c (make_printable_string): Made P a void*. 68 Fixed signed/unsigned pointer mismatch. 71 use cast the warning away. 72 * iobuf.c (block_filter): Ditto. 75 (iobuf_read): Make BUFFER a void *. 76 (iobuf_write): Make BUFFER a const void *. 77 * ttyio.c (tty_print_utf8_string2): Ditto. 78 * estream.c (estream_cookie_mem): Make MEMORY unsigned char*. 79 (es_write): Make BUFFER a void *. 84 (es_func_mem_write): Made MEMORY_NEW an unsigned char *. 86 (es_cookie_write_function_t): Changed buffer arg to void*. 90 * estream.c: Use HAVE_CONFIG_H and not USE_CONFIG_H! 91 (es_func_fd_read, es_func_fd_write): Protect against EINTR. 95 * Makefile.am (AM_CPPFLAGS): Added. 97 * util.h: Add some includes for gnulib. 98 (ttyname, isascii): Define them inline. 99 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: Removed. 100 * strsep.c, mkdtemp.c: Removed. 101 * ttyname.c, isascii.c: Removed. 110 get a name for it. 112 conditional for sys_siglist to the correct one. 116 * sexputil.c (cmp_simple_canon_sexp): New. 125 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_pwquery): Use spwq_secure_free. 129 * Makefile.am (AM_CFLAGS): Added PTH_CFLAGS. Noted by Kazu Yamamoto. 133 * xasprintf.c (xtryasprintf): New. 139 * estream.c, estream.h: New files. 144 2004-12-18; cut+paste error for lc-messages. 148 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open) [W32]: Implement for W32. 149 (readline) [W32]: Use recv instead of read. 150 (writen) [W32]: Use send instead of write. 152 continues to be self-contained. 153 (agent_send_all_options) [W32]: Don't call ttyname. 157 * simple-pwquery.h (simple_query): Add prototype. 158 * simple-pwquery.c (simple_query): New function. 163 (got_fatal_signal) [DOSISH]: Don't build. 168 * Makefile.am (libcommon_a_SOURCES): Add it. 169 (EXTRA_DIST): Removed mkerror and mkerrtok. 173 * sysutils.h [W32]: Define sleep. 174 * util.h: Add prototype for mkdtemp. 176 * membuf.c (put_membuf): Wipe out buffer after a failed realloc. 180 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err_with_source): Oops, args were swapped. 184 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Renamed to .. 191 * sysutils.h [W32]: Prototypes for registry functions. 194 * simple-pwquery.c [W32]: Dummy code to allow a build. 196 * exechelp.c [W32]: Implemented for W32 . 200 * asshelp.c (send_one_option): New. 202 values are not send. 206 * asshelp.c (send_pinentry_environment) [W32]: Do not use ttyname. 210 * exechelp.h, exechelp.c: New. Based on code from ../sm/import.c. 214 * strsep.c: Fixed copyright comments. 220 * simple-pwquery.c [_WIN32]: Include winsock2.h. 223 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: Include sys/types for the sake of W32. 236 * maperror.c: Removed header ksba.h. Not required anymore. 240 * xreadline.c: New. Based on the iobuf_read_line function. 244 * util.h (xtrycalloc_secure,xtrymalloc_secure): New. 248 * sysutils.c (disable_core_dumps): Only set the current limit. 253 * simple-pwquery.c (copy_and_escape): Relaxed quoting. 257 * errors.h (STATUS_NEWSIG): New. 261 * dynload.h [__MINGW32__]: Define RTLD_LAZY. 265 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Map the Locale_Problem item. 269 * asshelp.c, asshelp.h: New. 270 (send_pinentry_environment): New. Code taken from ../sm/call-agent.c. 274 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open): Don't mangle INFOSTR. 278 * simple-pwquery.c (agent_open): Ignore an empty GPG_AGENT_INFO. 280 * errors.h: Added STATUS_IMPORT_OK. 284 * b64enc.c: New. Based on code from ../sm/base64.c. 288 * Makefile.am (libcommon_a_SOURCES): Add xasprintf.c. 290 * xasprintf (xasprintf): ... here. New file. 291 This allows to use xasprintf without sucking in gpg-error. 295 * sexp-parse.h: New; moved from../agent. 297 * util.h (xtoi_4): New. 301 * maperror.c (map_assuan_err): Prepared for a new error code. 305 * gettime.c (asctimestamp): Add a note on a non-avoidable gcc warning. 310 * miscellaneous.c (xasprintf): New. 314 * mkdtemp.c (mkdtemp): Use gcry_create_nonce. 320 * util.h (vasprintf): Also fixed the prototype. 323 segv on Solaris. Reported by Andrew J. Schorr. 327 * maperror.c (map_ksba_err, map_gcry_err, map_kbx_err): Removed. 331 * util.h (gnupg_isotime_t): New. 334 * gettime.c (gnupg_get_isotime): New. 339 to avoid passing negative values and potential locale problems. 340 Problem noted by Christian Biere. 342 * util.h (ascii_isspace): New. 346 * ttyio.c (tty_fprintf): New. 348 (tty_print_utf8_string): Made P argument const byte*. 357 * dynload.h. New. W32 wrapper around the dynload mechanism. 361 * simple-pwquery.c, simple-pwquery.h: New; moved from ../agent. 362 * Makefile.am (libsimple_pwquery_a_LIBADD): New. 366 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Directly map 0 to 0. 382 * gettime.c (make_timestamp): New. 384 * ttyio.c: New. Taken from gnupg 1.2. 385 * ttyio.h: Move from ../include. 389 * util.h (seterr): Removed macro. 401 indent on it and adjusted error handling to libgpg-error style. 402 Replaced IOBUF by iobuf_t. Renamed malloc functions. 413 (map_assuan_err): Changed to new Assuan error code convention. 415 (map_gcry_err,map_kbx_err): Not needed. For now dummy functions. 417 * membuf.c, membuf.h: New. Code taken from ../sm/call-agent.h. 418 * Makefile.am: Added above. 422 * util.h (fopencokokie): Removed prototype and struct. 430 * isascii.c: New file. 441 * vasprintf.c (vasprintf) [va_copy]: Use va_copy. 442 [!va_copy && __va_copy]: Use __va_copy. 443 [!va_copy && !__va_copy]: Only now fall back to using memcpy. 447 * errors.h: Added STATUS_IMPORT_PROBLEM. 451 * vasprintf.c: Hack to handle NULL for %s. 455 * signal.c: New. Taken from GnuPG 1.1.91. 464 * fseeko.c, ftello.c: New. 473 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Map EOF to No_Data_Available. 477 * errors.h (gnupg_error_token): Add new prototype. 481 * Makefile.am: Use it to create the new error token function. 485 * maperror.c (map_to_assuan_status): Map Bad_CA_Certificate. 489 * no-pth.c, Makefile.am: Removed. 498 * maperror.c (map_gcry_err): Add libgcrypt's new S-expression errors. 499 (map_ksba_err): Add a few mappings. 507 * errors.h: Added STARUS_EXPSIG and STATUS_EXPKEYSIG. 515 * maperror.c: Add more assuan<->gnupg mappings. 519 * fopencookie.c: Dummy function. 522 ANSI-C stuff. Merged with asprintf version. 528 * mkdtemp.c: Copied from gnupg-1.0.6c and changed to use libgcrypt. 533 the OpenPGP stuff removed. 538 * maperror.c: Add mapping for Not_Trusted. 546 * util.h (spacep): New. 555 * maperror.c (map_gcry_err): Add some mappings. 563 * util.h (digitp, hexdigitp): New ctype like macros. 567 Copyright 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 571 modifications, as long as this notice is preserved. 575 implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Nach Baliye 7 4th June watch online desirulez Nach Baliye 7 4th June watch online dailymotion, Nach Baliye 7 4th June serial desitvforum Nach Baliye 7 4th June episode desi tashan. Com/ user/ therealitycircus To watch daily updates on t. Ekta Kapoor along with her father Jeetendra will make a. Teen Ka Tadka special episode on Nach Baliye 7 21st June Full Episode on Star Plus. Jul 03, · Nach Baliye 7 - 4 July - Full Episode Like. Jun 17, · Semi finals of Nach Baliye 7 which is now called Nach Baliye too much Full Episode on Star Plus. Watch Nach Baliye latest & full episodes online on hotstar. Click here to know more about Nach Baliye # toomuch www. 1K 2 404 views full episode click here : com/ nach- baliye- 7- 4. Com - the one stop online destination for popular Star Plus serials & Reality shows from Star TV network. Nach Baliye 7 8th July Episode Videos Desitvbox Star Plus Serial Nach Baliye 7 8th July Full Episode Watch Online HD Watch Nach Baliye 7 Episode 8t. Nach Baliye 7 2nd June Video Episode Sab TV Show Nach Baliye Season 7 2nd June Full Episode Watch Online Nach Baliye 7 2nd June Download Free. Nach baliye 2015 full episode download. Keeping up with the tradition of dance reality shows, Nach Baliye 7 is all set to introduce the ' teen ka tadka' round. Apr 23, · Nach Baliye 7 Episode 1 26th April. Jul 19, · Nach Baliye 7 5 July Full Episode Star Plus. Watch And Free Download Today Episode Nach Baliye By star plusDailymotion HD Video Single Part. Nach Baliye 7 24th May Video Episode, Star Plus Serial Nach Baliye 7 24th May Full Episode Watch Online, Nach Baliye 7 24th May Download Free. </s>" <s> Nach Baliye 7 4th June watch online desirulez Nach Baliye 7 4th June watch online dailymotion, Nach Baliye 7 4th June serial desitvforum Nach Baliye 7 4th June episode desi tashan. Com/ user/ therealitycircus To watch daily updates on t. Ekta Kapoor along with her father Jeetendra will make a. Teen Ka Tadka special episode on Nach Baliye 7 21st June Full Episode on Star Plus. Jul 03, · Nach Baliye 7 - 4 July - Full Episode Like. Jun 17, · Semi finals of Nach Baliye 7 which is now called Nach Baliye too much Full Episode on Star Plus. Watch Nach Baliye latest & full episodes online on hotstar. Click here to know more about Nach Baliye # toomuch www. 1K 2 404 views full episode click here : com/ nach- baliye- 7- 4. Com - the one stop online destination for popular Star Plus serials & Reality shows from Star TV network. Nach Baliye 7 8th July Episode Videos Desitvbox Star Plus Serial Nach Baliye 7 8th July Full Episode Watch Online HD Watch Nach Baliye 7 Episode 8t. Nach Baliye 7 2nd June Video Episode Sab TV Show Nach Baliye Season 7 2nd June Full Episode Watch Online Nach Baliye 7 2nd June Download Free. Nach baliye 2015 full episode download. Keeping up with the tradition of dance reality shows, Nach Baliye 7 is all set to introduce the ' teen ka tadka' round. Apr 23, · Nach Baliye 7 Episode 1 26th April. Jul 19, · Nach Baliye 7 5 July Full Episode Star Plus. Watch And Free Download Today Episode Nach Baliye By star plusDailymotion HD Video Single Part. Nach Baliye 7 24th May Video Episode, Star Plus Serial Nach Baliye 7 24th May Full Episode Watch Online, Nach Baliye 7 24th May Download Free. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> First I got a CSS style sheet document created and leaves only the minimum in the index.htm one. It will become obvious why in a bit. For the purpose of convincing myself that it was doable, I went for a three-column display with a fix header and footer. The mock-up version is displayed below. Everything in bold face above constitute information contained in the tuple I have previously extracted (post II). In the meantime, I also discovered the Programming Historian Blog post on creating html file on the fly with Python! Related to the above, I need to extract the remaining information from the SQLite database for the other columns. Here I will likely use Areas in Things to separate the Mentoring projects from others Upcoming projects (research and writing projects). For every student in my research group, I do create an individual project in Things. So our of 40 or so projects that actually have a due date, at least 15 are mentoring related. Because of my current schedule (and vacation travel), I do not expect to have completed all of this before the end of the month but my next post on this topic should be to announce version 1.0 and make both the Python code and CSS document available! Next Post: Kanban-View for Things 3 – Release V1.0 available (free)! Fun project Luc! @AlexWillner pointed it out. If you’re looking to extract information for the Things3 SQLite database, feel free to take a look at https://github.com/mdbraber/pythings to see if that might be of use. This Python code seems to work with a xml database. But Things 3 database is SQL no? Hey Luc – no the code works w/ SQLite. What suggests it uses XML? </s>" <s> First I got a CSS style sheet document created and leaves only the minimum in the index.htm one. It will become obvious why in a bit. For the purpose of convincing myself that it was doable, I went for a three-column display with a fix header and footer. The mock-up version is displayed below. Everything in bold face above constitute information contained in the tuple I have previously extracted (post II). In the meantime, I also discovered the Programming Historian Blog post on creating html file on the fly with Python! Related to the above, I need to extract the remaining information from the SQLite database for the other columns. Here I will likely use Areas in Things to separate the Mentoring projects from others Upcoming projects (research and writing projects). For every student in my research group, I do create an individual project in Things. So our of 40 or so projects that actually have a due date, at least 15 are mentoring related. Because of my current schedule (and vacation travel), I do not expect to have completed all of this before the end of the month but my next post on this topic should be to announce version 1.0 and make both the Python code and CSS document available! Next Post: Kanban-View for Things 3 – Release V1.0 available (free)! Fun project Luc! @AlexWillner pointed it out. If you’re looking to extract information for the Things3 SQLite database, feel free to take a look at https://github.com/mdbraber/pythings to see if that might be of use. This Python code seems to work with a xml database. But Things 3 database is SQL no? Hey Luc – no the code works w/ SQLite. What suggests it uses XML? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Ruby characters are small symbols placed next to text (typically Chinese, Japanese and Korean) to clarify pronunciation. The text to be annotated is the ruby base and the annotation is the ruby text. The ruby element is used to mark the word you want to clarify. The rb element means ruby base. The rbc element means ruby base container (for complex markup). The rp element means ruby parenthesis. The rt element means ruby text. The rtc element means ruby text container (for complex markup). </s>" <s> Ruby characters are small symbols placed next to text (typically Chinese, Japanese and Korean) to clarify pronunciation. The text to be annotated is the ruby base and the annotation is the ruby text. The ruby element is used to mark the word you want to clarify. The rb element means ruby base. The rbc element means ruby base container (for complex markup). The rp element means ruby parenthesis. The rt element means ruby text. The rtc element means ruby text container (for complex markup). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Humans Organize Chaotic Energy With Their Thoughts, Emotions and Actions. The Result Is Your Life. Throughout the Realms of Energetic Expression, Entities Clamor to Become Human. A Human Lifetime is a Rare, Unique Experience. It's Never Too Late To Take Control Of Your Life. How Will HumanHints Help You? How To Define our Selves and Love what we define. What does it mean to be a Human on a planet filled with other Humans? Do we really create our lives, even though it might often seem like we have no control? Sound good? Ready to begin? </s>" <s> Humans Organize Chaotic Energy With Their Thoughts, Emotions and Actions. The Result Is Your Life. Throughout the Realms of Energetic Expression, Entities Clamor to Become Human. A Human Lifetime is a Rare, Unique Experience. It's Never Too Late To Take Control Of Your Life. How Will HumanHints Help You? How To Define our Selves and Love what we define. What does it mean to be a Human on a planet filled with other Humans? Do we really create our lives, even though it might often seem like we have no control? Sound good? Ready to begin? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> When you choose Suffolk as a holiday destination you won’t be disappointed, with the wide open countryside and beautiful coastline there's so much on offer. Soak up the atmosphere in one of the lovely seaside towns and stay at one of our Suffolk holiday cottages. Suffolk Seaboard Station Railroad Museum - this museum contains a collection of items from the Seaboard Airline Railroad, the Virginian Railway, the Norfolk and Western Railroad, and the Atlantic and Danville Railroad. Items include bells from steam locomotives, a light from a steam locomotive tender, cast iron and concrete signs, railroad lanterns, railroad tools, as well as a nice collection of smaller items. Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge - A swampy region where visitors can go birding and view wildlife up close. Riddick's Folly House Museum - Riddick’s Folly has four floors, twenty-one rooms, and sixteen fireplaces. All four floors are open to the public. The building features elegantly furnished double parlors, a gentlemen’s library, and adult and children’s bedchambers. Our three newest projects are the bathing and dressing room on the third floor, the slave quarters on the fourth floor and their winter kitchen which is housed in the English basement along with the laundry and dining rooms. We also have a tastefully stocked Gift Shop in the English basement which was once the larder or pantry. If you like the outdoor life then you'll find plenty of beautiful walks, miles of cycle tracks and bridle paths, where you can enjoy Suffolk’s low lying, gentle landscape. We have some absolutely stunning luxury holiday cottages in Suffolk, including some award winning cottages like Woodfarm Barns. If you're looking for something a little different have a look at Victorian Railway Carriage or Showmans Van at Coppins Farm. View all luxury holiday cottages in Suffolk. </s>" <s> When you choose Suffolk as a holiday destination you won’t be disappointed, with the wide open countryside and beautiful coastline there's so much on offer. Soak up the atmosphere in one of the lovely seaside towns and stay at one of our Suffolk holiday cottages. Suffolk Seaboard Station Railroad Museum - this museum contains a collection of items from the Seaboard Airline Railroad, the Virginian Railway, the Norfolk and Western Railroad, and the Atlantic and Danville Railroad. Items include bells from steam locomotives, a light from a steam locomotive tender, cast iron and concrete signs, railroad lanterns, railroad tools, as well as a nice collection of smaller items. Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge - A swampy region where visitors can go birding and view wildlife up close. Riddick's Folly House Museum - Riddick’s Folly has four floors, twenty-one rooms, and sixteen fireplaces. All four floors are open to the public. The building features elegantly furnished double parlors, a gentlemen’s library, and adult and children’s bedchambers. Our three newest projects are the bathing and dressing room on the third floor, the slave quarters on the fourth floor and their winter kitchen which is housed in the English basement along with the laundry and dining rooms. We also have a tastefully stocked Gift Shop in the English basement which was once the larder or pantry. If you like the outdoor life then you'll find plenty of beautiful walks, miles of cycle tracks and bridle paths, where you can enjoy Suffolk’s low lying, gentle landscape. We have some absolutely stunning luxury holiday cottages in Suffolk, including some award winning cottages like Woodfarm Barns. If you're looking for something a little different have a look at Victorian Railway Carriage or Showmans Van at Coppins Farm. View all luxury holiday cottages in Suffolk. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> On March 12, 2019, the ""GDSM (Giada Digital Signage Management System) Smart Retail Summit"" jointly organized by Giada and WPI was held at JW Marriott Bangkok, Thailand. At the conference, speakers from Intel, WPI, AWS and Gorilla technology, as well as Giada discussed and shared their views about trends and development of the smart retail industry from aspects of the IoT ecosystem, channel promotion, GDSM product, AI technology and solutions. WPI made a presentation entitled ""WPI as IoT Solution Aggregator"". As an solution aggregator of Intel, WPI focuses on supporting IoT SI and SP (System Provider) in Greater China & Asia; supporting sourcing, bundling SKU & stock inventory; engaging and bridging Edge to Cloud solutions. As GDSM is an approved Intel Market Ready Solution, WPI will accelerate marketing and promoting this solution through WPI O2O platform. Giada introduced the core advantages & marketing strategy of GDSM in details to the guests presented, and demonstrated features of this system with on-site demo. Giada is a major ODM partners of Intel in China. Powered by Intel processors, Giada developed series of business\industrial-grade media player for various industries and scenarios, from single display to multi-dispaly, from indoor to outdoor and many other applications. In 2018, Giada ranked No. 1 media player brand in German-speaking Region. To meet the requirements of IoT market for digital signage solutions , which are more streamlined, intelligent and scalable, Giada has developed GDSM, a new generation of intelligent digital signage solution based on years of industry experience. The core value of GDSM comes from three innovative system integration. First, GDSM integrates display controller with media player, thus the hardware architecture is greatly simplified. And then, on software level, GDSM integrates layout management into content management system, which greatly simplifies the operation process. At last, GDSM has broken through the limitation that the front-end players only have to perform graphic processing by integrating AI vision technology, camera and other modular sensors, which enables media players to collect and process information on the edge. AI technology is the future of digital signage. GDSM is a vigorous platform supporting expansion, customization and secondary development, can continuously integrate AI technology and quickly adapt to the front-end equipment to meet the increasing demands of retail industry. Intel shared with the guests “how Intel is Innovating ‘Visual IoT Technology’ Across Industry”. At present, the physical retail industry is the main application field of IoT vision technology. Connected, Smart, Autonomous will be important features of the next generation of IoT technology. Intel aims to lead the development of this revolution in AI tech and Autonomous application. Intel is actively promoting the development of IoT technology and has developed a variety of modular intelligent product configurations (such as OPS, SDM, SKM, Movidius), as well as the visual development kits (INTEL ® Mars, OPENVINO) which have been rapidly promoted in the field of vision retail. Giada, as the main ODM partner of Intel in China, has the ability to develop comprehensive software/hardware, and GDSM, an approved Intel MRS, will be widely promoted by Intel. At last, the founder of Gorilla Technology(AI Vision Technology developer), shared ""the trend of AI Vision Technology in the visual retail industry and the broad prospect of cooperation between Gorilla and Intel, as well as Giada in visual retail."" On site, Giada set up multi-screen demos (2 x 2, 1 x 2) of accurate advertising based on face recognition technology to showcase capabilities of GDSM in digital signage remote control, layout management, program editing, information publish and information collection & processing. Even when on-line shopping is quite popular today, people still love the tactile experience and instant satisfaction of in-store shopping. Retail store is thriving. In fact, new shopping-mall and store openings are on the rise. Physical retail is learning from the on-line shopping platform, and smart digital signage is becoming the “landing page”of shopping centers and smart stores. In stores, retailers can use smart digital signage to analyze consumers' demographics and product preferences and guide shoppers to specific items or offer tailored promotions, which provides smart retail the same advantages as online shopping and even better interactive experience. Imagine when customers step into a shopping mall, smart digital signage immediately provides the latest information about new stores, movie reviews, and promotions on its vibrant digital display. As shoppers are attracted and engage with the content, digital signage can recognize the gender and age of the shopper and quickly learn which content will pique their interests. If shoppers can experience in-store shopping as conveniently as they enjoy on-line shopping with the help of smart digital signage, what great business opportunities it will bring to the physical retail industry. GDSM has made this possible. GDSM is a highly streamlined and flexibly- extensible digital signage management system. It contains software integrating layout management and content publishing functions, media players adaptive for various application scenarios, data centers in the cloud, as well as optional cameras and various front-end sensing modules. GDSM supports remote control of devices in different stores through the H5 operating interface, and can efficiently and intensively manage large-scale digital signage system. By integrating the AI vision function facilities through Intel IoT Edge Technology, it can identify shoppers' gender, age, dwell time/area and other information through the camera, compute the information rapidly, analyze the customer characteristics in the front-end equipment, and play suitable promotions that match customers’preferences. In addition, all kinds of sensors deployed in the front-end can collect data such as temperature, humidity, location and screen status to provide more input for big data analysis. Through centralized analysis of the collected information in the background, it can help retailers to achieve overall optimization of their retail marketing strategy. As Giada’s strategic products, GDSM not only has basic function of information release, but also acts as a platform which can gradually adapt to front-end players with different architecture, acquire practical information in remote environment, adopt AI function for convenience, and have the ability for deep learning with the information collected. This platform not only enables users to control the digital signage devices, but also will help them to get market feedback at the very first time, which will greatly improve their investment return. GDSM, a multimedia content management system approved by Intel® MRS (Market Ready Solution), is a complete IoT solution integrating hardware and software developed for visual retail. The global marketing strategy of Giada for this solution is to unite Intel® MRS System Aggregator(SA) as the channel, AI vision and big data technology developer (ISV) as the partner, and to cooperate with mainstream screen manufacturers and System Integrators(SI) to deliver end-to-end digital signage solutions for vertical industries in regional market(PRC & SEA). Giada, a premium brand of Shenzhen JEHE Technology Development Co., Ltd., is committed to becoming an innovative and globally leading provider of products and solutions in cloud computing, big data, and IoT. Giada is dedicated to promoting the development of the global IoT (Internet of Things) and AI industry, focusing on new retail, smart education, health-care, enterprise, public services, and industrial automation technology. Giada, ranking top 1 media player brand in the German-speaking region in 2018, is a core partner of Intel® in China, and an Associate Member of Intel® ISA (IoT Solution Alliance). </s>" <s> On March 12, 2019, the """GDSM" (Giada Digital Signage Management System) Smart Retail "Summit""" jointly organized by Giada and WPI was held at JW Marriott Bangkok, Thailand. At the conference, speakers from Intel, WPI, AWS and Gorilla technology, as well as Giada discussed and shared their views about trends and development of the smart retail industry from aspects of the IoT ecosystem, channel promotion, GDSM product, AI technology and solutions. WPI made a presentation entitled """WPI" as IoT Solution "Aggregator""." As an solution aggregator of Intel, WPI focuses on supporting IoT SI and SP (System Provider) in Greater China & Asia; supporting sourcing, bundling SKU & stock inventory; engaging and bridging Edge to Cloud solutions. As GDSM is an approved Intel Market Ready Solution, WPI will accelerate marketing and promoting this solution through WPI O2O platform. Giada introduced the core advantages & marketing strategy of GDSM in details to the guests presented, and demonstrated features of this system with on-site demo. Giada is a major ODM partners of Intel in China. Powered by Intel processors, Giada developed series of business\industrial-grade media player for various industries and scenarios, from single display to multi-dispaly, from indoor to outdoor and many other applications. In 2018, Giada ranked No. 1 media player brand in German-speaking Region. To meet the requirements of IoT market for digital signage solutions , which are more streamlined, intelligent and scalable, Giada has developed GDSM, a new generation of intelligent digital signage solution based on years of industry experience. The core value of GDSM comes from three innovative system integration. First, GDSM integrates display controller with media player, thus the hardware architecture is greatly simplified. And then, on software level, GDSM integrates layout management into content management system, which greatly simplifies the operation process. At last, GDSM has broken through the limitation that the front-end players only have to perform graphic processing by integrating AI vision technology, camera and other modular sensors, which enables media players to collect and process information on the edge. AI technology is the future of digital signage. GDSM is a vigorous platform supporting expansion, customization and secondary development, can continuously integrate AI technology and quickly adapt to the front-end equipment to meet the increasing demands of retail industry. Intel shared with the guests “how Intel is Innovating ‘Visual IoT Technology’ Across Industry”. At present, the physical retail industry is the main application field of IoT vision technology. Connected, Smart, Autonomous will be important features of the next generation of IoT technology. Intel aims to lead the development of this revolution in AI tech and Autonomous application. Intel is actively promoting the development of IoT technology and has developed a variety of modular intelligent product configurations (such as OPS, SDM, SKM, Movidius), as well as the visual development kits (INTEL ® Mars, OPENVINO) which have been rapidly promoted in the field of vision retail. Giada, as the main ODM partner of Intel in China, has the ability to develop comprehensive software/hardware, and GDSM, an approved Intel MRS, will be widely promoted by Intel. At last, the founder of Gorilla Technology(AI Vision Technology developer), shared """the" trend of AI Vision Technology in the visual retail industry and the broad prospect of cooperation between Gorilla and Intel, as well as Giada in visual "retail.""" On site, Giada set up multi-screen demos (2 x 2, 1 x 2) of accurate advertising based on face recognition technology to showcase capabilities of GDSM in digital signage remote control, layout management, program editing, information publish and information collection & processing. Even when on-line shopping is quite popular today, people still love the tactile experience and instant satisfaction of in-store shopping. Retail store is thriving. In fact, new shopping-mall and store openings are on the rise. Physical retail is learning from the on-line shopping platform, and smart digital signage is becoming the “landing page”of shopping centers and smart stores. In stores, retailers can use smart digital signage to analyze consumers' demographics and product preferences and guide shoppers to specific items or offer tailored promotions, which provides smart retail the same advantages as online shopping and even better interactive experience. Imagine when customers step into a shopping mall, smart digital signage immediately provides the latest information about new stores, movie reviews, and promotions on its vibrant digital display. As shoppers are attracted and engage with the content, digital signage can recognize the gender and age of the shopper and quickly learn which content will pique their interests. If shoppers can experience in-store shopping as conveniently as they enjoy on-line shopping with the help of smart digital signage, what great business opportunities it will bring to the physical retail industry. GDSM has made this possible. GDSM is a highly streamlined and flexibly- extensible digital signage management system. It contains software integrating layout management and content publishing functions, media players adaptive for various application scenarios, data centers in the cloud, as well as optional cameras and various front-end sensing modules. GDSM supports remote control of devices in different stores through the H5 operating interface, and can efficiently and intensively manage large-scale digital signage system. By integrating the AI vision function facilities through Intel IoT Edge Technology, it can identify shoppers' gender, age, dwell time/area and other information through the camera, compute the information rapidly, analyze the customer characteristics in the front-end equipment, and play suitable promotions that match customers’preferences. In addition, all kinds of sensors deployed in the front-end can collect data such as temperature, humidity, location and screen status to provide more input for big data analysis. Through centralized analysis of the collected information in the background, it can help retailers to achieve overall optimization of their retail marketing strategy. As Giada’s strategic products, GDSM not only has basic function of information release, but also acts as a platform which can gradually adapt to front-end players with different architecture, acquire practical information in remote environment, adopt AI function for convenience, and have the ability for deep learning with the information collected. This platform not only enables users to control the digital signage devices, but also will help them to get market feedback at the very first time, which will greatly improve their investment return. GDSM, a multimedia content management system approved by Intel® MRS (Market Ready Solution), is a complete IoT solution integrating hardware and software developed for visual retail. The global marketing strategy of Giada for this solution is to unite Intel® MRS System Aggregator(SA) as the channel, AI vision and big data technology developer (ISV) as the partner, and to cooperate with mainstream screen manufacturers and System Integrators(SI) to deliver end-to-end digital signage solutions for vertical industries in regional market(PRC & SEA). Giada, a premium brand of Shenzhen JEHE Technology Development Co., Ltd., is committed to becoming an innovative and globally leading provider of products and solutions in cloud computing, big data, and IoT. Giada is dedicated to promoting the development of the global IoT (Internet of Things) and AI industry, focusing on new retail, smart education, health-care, enterprise, public services, and industrial automation technology. Giada, ranking top 1 media player brand in the German-speaking region in 2018, is a core partner of Intel® in China, and an Associate Member of Intel® ISA (IoT Solution Alliance). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Take a dive into classes and education best practices with Brooke Welch. This session is designed for people who want to take a crash course on running classes and events at their store. Attendees will learn the basics of what works and how to capture the personality of your instructors and your store – including promotion and advertising tactics to get your events noticed. There will even be some examples of case studies in the photo industry! Attendees will be able to leave with fresh ideas to help run successful educational and creative courses. </s>" <s> Take a dive into classes and education best practices with Brooke Welch. This session is designed for people who want to take a crash course on running classes and events at their store. Attendees will learn the basics of what works and how to capture the personality of your instructors and your store – including promotion and advertising tactics to get your events noticed. There will even be some examples of case studies in the photo industry! Attendees will be able to leave with fresh ideas to help run successful educational and creative courses. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> The ""ruby"" is a gem-toned take on the Q-switched laser. It delivers reddish colored laser energy in pulses, which is absorbed by the skin's melanin (cells responsible for dark color), making it a good option for tattoo removal. The QSRL can remove black and blue ink. Who it works for: The ideal candidate for treatment with the ruby laser is one who is fair skinned and burns easily in the sun. If your porcelain complexion resembles that of Nicole Kidman's, you're a good candidate. Recommended age range: There is no recommended age range. When will I see results?: Four to five treatments are normally required to remove black and blue tattoo ink with the ruby laser. How long it lasts: As expected, everyone reacts differently to laser tattoo removal. Tattoo removal is permanent, but the ruby laser may not always remove every last drop of ink from under the skin. It's possible for a ""shadow"" of your former tattoo to remain after several ruby laser treatments. Key benefits of Ruby Laser: Ruby laser are an effective form of tattoo elimination in patients with light skin. Licensed uses: Ruby laser are approved for tattoo removal. </s>" <s> The """ruby""" is a gem-toned take on the Q-switched laser. It delivers reddish colored laser energy in pulses, which is absorbed by the skin's melanin (cells responsible for dark color), making it a good option for tattoo removal. The QSRL can remove black and blue ink. Who it works for: The ideal candidate for treatment with the ruby laser is one who is fair skinned and burns easily in the sun. If your porcelain complexion resembles that of Nicole Kidman's, you're a good candidate. Recommended age range: There is no recommended age range. When will I see results?: Four to five treatments are normally required to remove black and blue tattoo ink with the ruby laser. How long it lasts: As expected, everyone reacts differently to laser tattoo removal. Tattoo removal is permanent, but the ruby laser may not always remove every last drop of ink from under the skin. It's possible for a """shadow""" of your former tattoo to remain after several ruby laser treatments. Key benefits of Ruby Laser: Ruby laser are an effective form of tattoo elimination in patients with light skin. Licensed uses: Ruby laser are approved for tattoo removal. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> An effective Dietary Aide resume trims off all the fat and leaves only the necessary information to get the job. You will be responsible for preparing and ensuring the quality of food served to patients or customers. Industries that hire dietary aides include health care and assisted living. Becoming a Dietary Aide gives you a good head start on a career as an Executive Assistant, a Registered Nurse or Medical Assistant. To help you out, we have prepared a sample resume for Dietary Aide that you can study and use as a reference. CDR Licensed Dietary Aide with 6+ years experience providing healthy and nutritious meals that accurately meet industry guidelines and doctors’ recommendations. As a competitive athlete nutrition, general fitness and wellness are lifelong passions. Highly organized, team oriented, possessing excellent communication skills and fluent in both English and Spanish, I would like to share my expertise and help the patients of Annapolis Regional Medical Center recover and regain their health through sound nutrition strategies. Licensed Dietary Aide; Commission on Dietetic Registration. 6+ years experience as a Dietary Aide. Physically Fit; competitive athlete in triathlon. Excels in a team environment.. Consults with dietician and attending physician on meal preparation guidelines for patients. Orients patients on benefits of following prescribed meal plans. Instructs cooks on food preparation, portion management and recipe ingredients to ensure standards are maintained all the time. Reviews inventory to maintain enough stock and to stay within budget. Performs random audits on kitchen operations to make sure guidelines on food preparation, sanitation, cleanliness and personal hygiene are met 100% of the time. Prepares recommendations to Purchasing Department if there will be proposed adjustments to inventory levels. Worked closely with Dietary Manager and Head Kitchen Chef on planning daily menu for the dining hall. Consulted with attending physician on specific meal plans per patient. Guided elderly and answered all questions regarding meal plans. Maintained cleanliness and sanitation of dining hall area. Kept track of inventory levels to make sure there is always enough stock of raw materials. Prepared requests for re-stocking to Purchasing Department. Prepared meal plans in accordance to dietary guidelines set by attending physicians. Consulted with Dietary Manager on meal plan changes. Worked with the cooks in preparing meals for special needs patients. Conducted periodic checks on the maintenance, cleanliness and sanitary conditions of the kitchen and dining hall areas. Oriented patients on the importance of following a strict meal plan. Ensured proper stock levels are always maintained in the kitchen. Licensed Dietary Aide; Commission on Dietetic Registration, 2011. Address: 25 Avenue A Ashbury Park, NJ. . Certified professional food manager with more than 6 years working as a Dietary Aide in various capacities. I am applying for the available position of Dietary Aide for your food commissary and canteen at Mt. Sinai Hospital. In addition to the education I received from my Associate Degree in Dietetic Technology, I am also certified in food safety and handling. Certified Professional Food Manager – Food Safety Manager Certification Examination, 2011. Meticulous; pays close attention to details regarding specific diets. Positive disposition; patiently explains purpose and health benefits of diets to the elderly. Hygienic; places strict attention to keeping work area clean and sanitized and keenly observes personal hygiene. Performs well with a team. Designs and prepares menu plans for the consignee restaurant at Westpark Medical Hospital. Reviews dietary needs of patients and creates customized meal plans. Collaborates with physicians and nurses on the dietary needs of the patients. Conducts random audits on kitchen and dining operations of the hospital’s consignee restaurant and canteen. Orients kitchen and food preparation staff on the particulars of the meal plans particularly on food safety, food handling and the benefits of serving healthy meals to patients and residents. PNR Rehabilitation Hospital; Ashbury, NJ. Prepared food trays for all patients according to hospital’s prescribed guidelines. Assisted the Inventory Manager and Purchasing Officer in ensuring the completeness of ingredients for patients’ food items. Maintained and organized all records regarding patient diet information. Cleaned and sanitized all food preparation areas and equipment according to standards and procedures. Evaluated and assessed the potential risks for safety and proceeded to implement appropriate measures in the work area. Evanston Home for the Elderly; Ashbury Park, NJ. Planned and prepared meals for the patients. Organized all food items in trays that have been customized per elderly patient. Explained and guided patients on the benefits for taking their meals regularly and on schedule. Assisted the patients in consuming their meals. Ensured that all cleaning and sanitation procedures for the kitchen, preparation and dining areas are according to local state health regulations and strictly implemented at all times. As a Dietary Aide, you must be knowledgeable about nutrition and the importance of maintaining overall health and wellness. Your Dietary Aide skills list must have a mix of fundamental knowledge on nutrition and the right disposition for counseling patients. For most people “Diet” is a four letter word. No one wants to hear it because eating should be a pleasant experience. You have to educate patients about the benefits of strictly following a healthy meal plan that is prescribed by licensed dieticians and doctors. You will note from the skills list shown in our Dietary Aide resume example that the candidate Carla routinely finds herself orienting patients on the benefits of a healthy diet. She also stresses the importance of following food preparation guidelines with the kitchen group. Education. A college degree in a related field like Medical Technology or Nutrition would be great. But a good alternative would be an Associate Degree as a Dietetic Technician from a school program that has been approved by a regulating body such as the American Dietetic Association. This is a job that requires a solid foundation for learning. If you completed high school, take the GED before applying for an Associate Degree. Licensing. Check with your city state if Dietary Aides need to be licensed. Generally, if you want to become a Dietary Aide in the United States, you should pass a licensing exam given by the Commission on Dietetic Registration. Computer Literacy. As a Dietary Aide, you will be using spreadsheet programs a lot to prepare and review meal plans. You should be competent enough to perform basis spreadsheet operations and have the ability to navigate the Internet when conducting research. Physical Fitness. You will find yourself moving around a lot as a Dietary Aide. You will be visiting patients in different floor levels, carrying plates of food, pushing carts and cleaning facilities. Ability to Work with People. Dietary aides function within a team set up. You normally report directly to the Dietary Manager and frequently coordinate with the attending physicians, kitchen cooks and food preparation people. Excellent communication, organization and attention to detail are important factors to ensure effective collaboration within the team. Certifications. A license to practice or certification may be mandated by the state where you plan to work at. It would be best to check with local legislation.However, in general, it would be a good idea to be certified as a Food Manager or in related competencies like Food Handling and Food Safety.There are states that want their food preparation people to be certified to make sure the patients of the hospital or healthcare facility are in truly capable hands. Detail Oriented. As a Dietary Aide, you will find work opportunities in various healthcare organizations and agencies where there are nutrition guidelines for food served within the premises.You have to be detail oriented and make sure all food is prepared according to prescribed guidelines or standards. For example, in hospitals, doctors have a nutrition plan for their patients.You will have to execute the correct meal plan that corresponds to these meal plans. Dedicated. You cannot work haphazardly as a Dietary Aide. In addition to ensuring strict guidelines in food preparation, you have to observe proper sanitation and cleanliness procedures are followed in the work areas and dining premises.As someone who is involved in food preparation, you have to avoid the risk of cross contamination. Local government health inspectors may also conduct routine inspections to see if you are complying with health regulations. Highly Organized. In some cases, especially if you work in large facilities, you will have to prepare meals for hundreds of residents, patients and visitors on a daily basis. The last thing you want is to run out of food.The best way to ensure smooth operations is to be highly organized in your conduct of work. Even with the large volume of food output, you must never compromise the quality of the final product. The experience you get as a Dietary Aide will surely contribute to gaining more knowledge in your field of expertise. You get to work with doctors, nurses and other people in the healthcare industry. Thus if you are using this job as a springboard to another career in the healthcare industry, you will definitely have the requisite experience to ensure a smooth transition. Many dietary aides have become successful Registered Nurses, Licensed Practical Nurses or Executive Assistants. In the healthcare profession, it would be best to keep your Dietary Aide resume objective straightforward and to the point. Hiring managers don’t spend much time reviewing a resume but you can be sure they will go through your objective statement. You can see in our resume template for Dietary Aide that we structured the objective statement like a personal introduction. Carla starts out with the fact that she is licensed by the CDR and has more than 5 years work experience as a Dietary Aide. But where the objective statement counts the most is when she details the attributes that make her the right fit candidate for the job. Why? The position of a Dietary Aide is pretty much clear cut. You should be licensed and have the necessary training to be competent. The difference lies in how you approach the profession. Hiring managers want to know what you can do for them; how you can contribute to the organization and make them better. This is a job where attitude counts a lot. In her objective statement validates her passion for nutrition and health by disclosing her background as a competitive athlete. Finally she shares a very honourable objective which is to help patients regain their health through diet and nutrition strategies. For your Dietary Aide resume format, go with the reverse chronological type. It is simple, organized and easy for the recruiter to follow. The content presented under Objective Statement and Strengths properly set up Carla’s Work Experience. The fact that she has an Associate Degree instead of a Bachelor Degree will not be a hindrance to the person reviewing the resume because it has already been established that she has the proficiencies and experience needed for the job. If you are planning to submit an entry level Dietary Aide resume, you will not be alone. There are many others who want to shift careers or plan to acquire their first job after completing formal training as a food preparation professional. If you are looking for your first job as a Dietary Aide or transitioning from another career, use the Functional format instead of the reverse chronological format for your resume. It is possible that Carla may not have Work Experience at all. If this is the case, state any internship or on-the-job programs that you did. Dietary Aide training programs or courses always include practicum training so you can apply theory into action. When composing your internship or OJT details, state the hospital or organization, the department where you were assigned and the inclusive number of hours of training. Are you a certified food manager? Did you get certified in related disciplines like food safety and food handling? Do you have an Associate Degree in a course that is relevant to the work of a Dietary Aide? Are you great in working with other people? Do you have the disposition to help patients consume their required meals? Did you do voluntary work preparing and serving food in a shelter, orphanage or elderly hospice? Did you have previous experience working in a restaurant? Have you ever assisted a chef or nutritionist in meal preparation? Are you personally invested in preparing nutritious meals? Keep your Dietary Aide resume simple in structure but on-point when it comes to details. In your work experience make sure you list the basic skills expected of a Dietary Aide such as creating meal plans, consulting with dieticians and physicians and ensuring sanitation and cleanliness standards are always met. Even if your scope of work is similar, try to differentiate them by providing more specifics. For example, working directly as a Dietary Aide to doctors is different compared to an assignment in the kitchen where the type of meals are catered for the general public instead of accommodating specific health conditions. If this Dietary Aide resume example wasn’t sufficient for you, you are free to review some other samples and templates from our site. Browse to some related resumes below and find your inspiration. </s>" <s> An effective Dietary Aide resume trims off all the fat and leaves only the necessary information to get the job. You will be responsible for preparing and ensuring the quality of food served to patients or customers. Industries that hire dietary aides include health care and assisted living. Becoming a Dietary Aide gives you a good head start on a career as an Executive Assistant, a Registered Nurse or Medical Assistant. To help you out, we have prepared a sample resume for Dietary Aide that you can study and use as a reference. CDR Licensed Dietary Aide with 6+ years experience providing healthy and nutritious meals that accurately meet industry guidelines and doctors’ recommendations. As a competitive athlete nutrition, general fitness and wellness are lifelong passions. Highly organized, team oriented, possessing excellent communication skills and fluent in both English and Spanish, I would like to share my expertise and help the patients of Annapolis Regional Medical Center recover and regain their health through sound nutrition strategies. Licensed Dietary Aide; Commission on Dietetic Registration. 6+ years experience as a Dietary Aide. Physically Fit; competitive athlete in triathlon. Excels in a team environment.. Consults with dietician and attending physician on meal preparation guidelines for patients. Orients patients on benefits of following prescribed meal plans. Instructs cooks on food preparation, portion management and recipe ingredients to ensure standards are maintained all the time. Reviews inventory to maintain enough stock and to stay within budget. Performs random audits on kitchen operations to make sure guidelines on food preparation, sanitation, cleanliness and personal hygiene are met 100% of the time. Prepares recommendations to Purchasing Department if there will be proposed adjustments to inventory levels. Worked closely with Dietary Manager and Head Kitchen Chef on planning daily menu for the dining hall. Consulted with attending physician on specific meal plans per patient. Guided elderly and answered all questions regarding meal plans. Maintained cleanliness and sanitation of dining hall area. Kept track of inventory levels to make sure there is always enough stock of raw materials. Prepared requests for re-stocking to Purchasing Department. Prepared meal plans in accordance to dietary guidelines set by attending physicians. Consulted with Dietary Manager on meal plan changes. Worked with the cooks in preparing meals for special needs patients. Conducted periodic checks on the maintenance, cleanliness and sanitary conditions of the kitchen and dining hall areas. Oriented patients on the importance of following a strict meal plan. Ensured proper stock levels are always maintained in the kitchen. Licensed Dietary Aide; Commission on Dietetic Registration, 2011. Address: 25 Avenue A Ashbury Park, NJ. . Certified professional food manager with more than 6 years working as a Dietary Aide in various capacities. I am applying for the available position of Dietary Aide for your food commissary and canteen at Mt. Sinai Hospital. In addition to the education I received from my Associate Degree in Dietetic Technology, I am also certified in food safety and handling. Certified Professional Food Manager – Food Safety Manager Certification Examination, 2011. Meticulous; pays close attention to details regarding specific diets. Positive disposition; patiently explains purpose and health benefits of diets to the elderly. Hygienic; places strict attention to keeping work area clean and sanitized and keenly observes personal hygiene. Performs well with a team. Designs and prepares menu plans for the consignee restaurant at Westpark Medical Hospital. Reviews dietary needs of patients and creates customized meal plans. Collaborates with physicians and nurses on the dietary needs of the patients. Conducts random audits on kitchen and dining operations of the hospital’s consignee restaurant and canteen. Orients kitchen and food preparation staff on the particulars of the meal plans particularly on food safety, food handling and the benefits of serving healthy meals to patients and residents. PNR Rehabilitation Hospital; Ashbury, NJ. Prepared food trays for all patients according to hospital’s prescribed guidelines. Assisted the Inventory Manager and Purchasing Officer in ensuring the completeness of ingredients for patients’ food items. Maintained and organized all records regarding patient diet information. Cleaned and sanitized all food preparation areas and equipment according to standards and procedures. Evaluated and assessed the potential risks for safety and proceeded to implement appropriate measures in the work area. Evanston Home for the Elderly; Ashbury Park, NJ. Planned and prepared meals for the patients. Organized all food items in trays that have been customized per elderly patient. Explained and guided patients on the benefits for taking their meals regularly and on schedule. Assisted the patients in consuming their meals. Ensured that all cleaning and sanitation procedures for the kitchen, preparation and dining areas are according to local state health regulations and strictly implemented at all times. As a Dietary Aide, you must be knowledgeable about nutrition and the importance of maintaining overall health and wellness. Your Dietary Aide skills list must have a mix of fundamental knowledge on nutrition and the right disposition for counseling patients. For most people “Diet” is a four letter word. No one wants to hear it because eating should be a pleasant experience. You have to educate patients about the benefits of strictly following a healthy meal plan that is prescribed by licensed dieticians and doctors. You will note from the skills list shown in our Dietary Aide resume example that the candidate Carla routinely finds herself orienting patients on the benefits of a healthy diet. She also stresses the importance of following food preparation guidelines with the kitchen group. Education. A college degree in a related field like Medical Technology or Nutrition would be great. But a good alternative would be an Associate Degree as a Dietetic Technician from a school program that has been approved by a regulating body such as the American Dietetic Association. This is a job that requires a solid foundation for learning. If you completed high school, take the GED before applying for an Associate Degree. Licensing. Check with your city state if Dietary Aides need to be licensed. Generally, if you want to become a Dietary Aide in the United States, you should pass a licensing exam given by the Commission on Dietetic Registration. Computer Literacy. As a Dietary Aide, you will be using spreadsheet programs a lot to prepare and review meal plans. You should be competent enough to perform basis spreadsheet operations and have the ability to navigate the Internet when conducting research. Physical Fitness. You will find yourself moving around a lot as a Dietary Aide. You will be visiting patients in different floor levels, carrying plates of food, pushing carts and cleaning facilities. Ability to Work with People. Dietary aides function within a team set up. You normally report directly to the Dietary Manager and frequently coordinate with the attending physicians, kitchen cooks and food preparation people. Excellent communication, organization and attention to detail are important factors to ensure effective collaboration within the team. Certifications. A license to practice or certification may be mandated by the state where you plan to work at. It would be best to check with local legislation.However, in general, it would be a good idea to be certified as a Food Manager or in related competencies like Food Handling and Food Safety.There are states that want their food preparation people to be certified to make sure the patients of the hospital or healthcare facility are in truly capable hands. Detail Oriented. As a Dietary Aide, you will find work opportunities in various healthcare organizations and agencies where there are nutrition guidelines for food served within the premises.You have to be detail oriented and make sure all food is prepared according to prescribed guidelines or standards. For example, in hospitals, doctors have a nutrition plan for their patients.You will have to execute the correct meal plan that corresponds to these meal plans. Dedicated. You cannot work haphazardly as a Dietary Aide. In addition to ensuring strict guidelines in food preparation, you have to observe proper sanitation and cleanliness procedures are followed in the work areas and dining premises.As someone who is involved in food preparation, you have to avoid the risk of cross contamination. Local government health inspectors may also conduct routine inspections to see if you are complying with health regulations. Highly Organized. In some cases, especially if you work in large facilities, you will have to prepare meals for hundreds of residents, patients and visitors on a daily basis. The last thing you want is to run out of food.The best way to ensure smooth operations is to be highly organized in your conduct of work. Even with the large volume of food output, you must never compromise the quality of the final product. The experience you get as a Dietary Aide will surely contribute to gaining more knowledge in your field of expertise. You get to work with doctors, nurses and other people in the healthcare industry. Thus if you are using this job as a springboard to another career in the healthcare industry, you will definitely have the requisite experience to ensure a smooth transition. Many dietary aides have become successful Registered Nurses, Licensed Practical Nurses or Executive Assistants. In the healthcare profession, it would be best to keep your Dietary Aide resume objective straightforward and to the point. Hiring managers don’t spend much time reviewing a resume but you can be sure they will go through your objective statement. You can see in our resume template for Dietary Aide that we structured the objective statement like a personal introduction. Carla starts out with the fact that she is licensed by the CDR and has more than 5 years work experience as a Dietary Aide. But where the objective statement counts the most is when she details the attributes that make her the right fit candidate for the job. Why? The position of a Dietary Aide is pretty much clear cut. You should be licensed and have the necessary training to be competent. The difference lies in how you approach the profession. Hiring managers want to know what you can do for them; how you can contribute to the organization and make them better. This is a job where attitude counts a lot. In her objective statement validates her passion for nutrition and health by disclosing her background as a competitive athlete. Finally she shares a very honourable objective which is to help patients regain their health through diet and nutrition strategies. For your Dietary Aide resume format, go with the reverse chronological type. It is simple, organized and easy for the recruiter to follow. The content presented under Objective Statement and Strengths properly set up Carla’s Work Experience. The fact that she has an Associate Degree instead of a Bachelor Degree will not be a hindrance to the person reviewing the resume because it has already been established that she has the proficiencies and experience needed for the job. If you are planning to submit an entry level Dietary Aide resume, you will not be alone. There are many others who want to shift careers or plan to acquire their first job after completing formal training as a food preparation professional. If you are looking for your first job as a Dietary Aide or transitioning from another career, use the Functional format instead of the reverse chronological format for your resume. It is possible that Carla may not have Work Experience at all. If this is the case, state any internship or on-the-job programs that you did. Dietary Aide training programs or courses always include practicum training so you can apply theory into action. When composing your internship or OJT details, state the hospital or organization, the department where you were assigned and the inclusive number of hours of training. Are you a certified food manager? Did you get certified in related disciplines like food safety and food handling? Do you have an Associate Degree in a course that is relevant to the work of a Dietary Aide? Are you great in working with other people? Do you have the disposition to help patients consume their required meals? Did you do voluntary work preparing and serving food in a shelter, orphanage or elderly hospice? Did you have previous experience working in a restaurant? Have you ever assisted a chef or nutritionist in meal preparation? Are you personally invested in preparing nutritious meals? Keep your Dietary Aide resume simple in structure but on-point when it comes to details. In your work experience make sure you list the basic skills expected of a Dietary Aide such as creating meal plans, consulting with dieticians and physicians and ensuring sanitation and cleanliness standards are always met. Even if your scope of work is similar, try to differentiate them by providing more specifics. For example, working directly as a Dietary Aide to doctors is different compared to an assignment in the kitchen where the type of meals are catered for the general public instead of accommodating specific health conditions. If this Dietary Aide resume example wasn’t sufficient for you, you are free to review some other samples and templates from our site. Browse to some related resumes below and find your inspiration. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> - Designs, tests, and implements secure operating systems, networks, security monitoring, tuning and management of IT security systems and applications, incident response, digital forensics, loss prevention, and eDiscovery actions. - Conducts risk and vulnerability assessment at the network, system and application level. - Conducts threat modeling exercises. - Develops and implements security controls and formulates operational risk mitigations along with assisting in security awareness programs. - Involved in a wide range of security issues including architectures, firewalls, electronic data traffic, and network access. - Researches, evaluates and recommends new security tools, techniques, and technologies and introduces them to the enterprise in alignment with IT security strategy. - Utilizes COTS/GOTS and custom tools and processes/procedures in order to scan, identify, contain, mitigate and remediate vulnerabilities, and intrusions. - Assists in the implementation of the required government policy (i.e., NISPOM, DCID 6/3), and makes recommendations on process tailoring. - Performs analyses to validate established security requirements and to recommend additional security requirements and safeguards. - Supports the formal Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) required by each government accrediting authority through pre-test preparations, participation in the tests, analysis of the results, and preparation of required reports. - Periodically conducts a review of each system's audits and monitors corrective actions until all actions are closed. - May support cyber metrics development, maintenance and reporting. - May provide briefings to senior staff. Provides solutions to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity where analysis of situations or data requires a review of the variety of factors. - Contributes to completion of milestones associated with specific projects. - Failure to achieve results or erroneous decisions or recommendations may cause delays in program schedules and may result in allocation of additional resources. - Primarily internal company contacts. - Infrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters. - Works under general direction on routine work. - May receive guidance on new projects or assignments. - Work is reviewed for soundness of technical judgment, overall adequacy and accuracy. - Frequent use and application of technical standards, principles, theories, concepts and techniques. - Work is reviewed by supervisor/lead to measure meeting objectives. - Directs established guidelines, procedures and policies. - Bachelors and five (5) years or more experience; Masters and three (3) years or more experience; PhD and 0 years related experience. </s>" <s> - Designs, tests, and implements secure operating systems, networks, security monitoring, tuning and management of IT security systems and applications, incident response, digital forensics, loss prevention, and eDiscovery actions. - Conducts risk and vulnerability assessment at the network, system and application level. - Conducts threat modeling exercises. - Develops and implements security controls and formulates operational risk mitigations along with assisting in security awareness programs. - Involved in a wide range of security issues including architectures, firewalls, electronic data traffic, and network access. - Researches, evaluates and recommends new security tools, techniques, and technologies and introduces them to the enterprise in alignment with IT security strategy. - Utilizes COTS/GOTS and custom tools and processes/procedures in order to scan, identify, contain, mitigate and remediate vulnerabilities, and intrusions. - Assists in the implementation of the required government policy (i.e., NISPOM, DCID 6/3), and makes recommendations on process tailoring. - Performs analyses to validate established security requirements and to recommend additional security requirements and safeguards. - Supports the formal Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) required by each government accrediting authority through pre-test preparations, participation in the tests, analysis of the results, and preparation of required reports. - Periodically conducts a review of each system's audits and monitors corrective actions until all actions are closed. - May support cyber metrics development, maintenance and reporting. - May provide briefings to senior staff. Provides solutions to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity where analysis of situations or data requires a review of the variety of factors. - Contributes to completion of milestones associated with specific projects. - Failure to achieve results or erroneous decisions or recommendations may cause delays in program schedules and may result in allocation of additional resources. - Primarily internal company contacts. - Infrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters. - Works under general direction on routine work. - May receive guidance on new projects or assignments. - Work is reviewed for soundness of technical judgment, overall adequacy and accuracy. - Frequent use and application of technical standards, principles, theories, concepts and techniques. - Work is reviewed by supervisor/lead to measure meeting objectives. - Directs established guidelines, procedures and policies. - Bachelors and five (5) years or more experience; Masters and three (3) years or more experience; PhD and 0 years related experience. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Tn Air Max Pas Cher Marque Moins Cher : Awesome kicks!! Expect nothing less from Air Jordan!! 100% authentic Air Jordan 1's!! Thanks. Excellente Qualite : Great to workout in. Light weight with the right amount of support for lifting and indoor cardio. Nike Air Max 87 2018 : Bought these as a birthday gift for my son and he loves his Nike Cortez for years now and continues to love them!! </s>" <s> Tn Air Max Pas Cher Marque Moins Cher : Awesome kicks!! Expect nothing less from Air Jordan!! 100% authentic Air Jordan 1's!! Thanks. Excellente Qualite : Great to workout in. Light weight with the right amount of support for lifting and indoor cardio. Nike Air Max 87 2018 : Bought these as a birthday gift for my son and he loves his Nike Cortez for years now and continues to love them!! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> I grew up in a house where Pavarotti, not Elvis, was king. (How are we not Italian?) Anyway, when I went to Sorrento this past weekend, all I had in my head all weekend was the beautiful, folkloric song, Torna a Surriento. Even though it is surmised that the song was written to inspire the Prime Minister to make a return visit to Sorrento and give help to clean up its dilapidation, to me, it is more a song of loyalty to one's hometown and a crying out for how hard it is to leave. I think there has always been a part of me that has wanted to feel this connected and impassioned by my hometown. Whether you do or do not about your own, it is inspiring to hear someone else's love for his/her own. Just listen. Words and translation below. Vide'o mare quant'è bello! / See the sea, how beautiful it is! Ca scetato 'o faje sunnà. / you make him dream while he’s awake. Siente, siè sti sciure arance. / Smell, smell these orange blossoms. E tu dice ""I'parto, addio!"" / And you say, ""I'm leaving, goodbye! "" Tiene 'o core 'e nun turnà / Do you have the courage not to return? Ma nun me lassà / But don't leave me! Nun darme stu turmiento! / Do not give me this agony! Torna a Surriento, / Come back to Sorrento! Famme campà! / Give me life! Nun l'ha visto comm'a ccà. / and still never see anything like this. Ca te guardano 'ncantate / Who are watching you with enchantment. </s>" <s> I grew up in a house where Pavarotti, not Elvis, was king. (How are we not Italian?) Anyway, when I went to Sorrento this past weekend, all I had in my head all weekend was the beautiful, folkloric song, Torna a Surriento. Even though it is surmised that the song was written to inspire the Prime Minister to make a return visit to Sorrento and give help to clean up its dilapidation, to me, it is more a song of loyalty to one's hometown and a crying out for how hard it is to leave. I think there has always been a part of me that has wanted to feel this connected and impassioned by my hometown. Whether you do or do not about your own, it is inspiring to hear someone else's love for his/her own. Just listen. Words and translation below. Vide'o mare quant'è bello! / See the sea, how beautiful it is! Ca scetato 'o faje sunnà. / you make him dream while he’s awake. Siente, siè sti sciure arance. / Smell, smell these orange blossoms. E tu dice """I'parto," "addio!""" / And you say, """I'm" leaving, goodbye! """" Tiene 'o core 'e nun turnà / Do you have the courage not to return? Ma nun me lassà / But don't leave me! Nun darme stu turmiento! / Do not give me this agony! Torna a Surriento, / Come back to Sorrento! Famme campà! / Give me life! Nun l'ha visto comm'a ccà. / and still never see anything like this. Ca te guardano 'ncantate / Who are watching you with enchantment. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Look around your kitchen and you’ll probably see the old standbys on the counter: the coffee maker, the food processor, the toaster oven. They’re great to have on hand, but what you may not know is that they can actually help you save money when you use them to their full potentials. Here’s a list of some kitchen appliances that can help you save money. 1. Slow Cooker. We all know that slow cookers are convenient, but how can they save us money? Use them to freezer cook! Buy produce, meats, and other items when they’re on sale, create uncooked meals and freeze them in a storage bag, and cook them in the slow cooker. You’ll be saving time and money with this method. For more information and recipes, you can check out my post on how to freezer cook with a slow cooker. 2. Vacuum Sealer. One way to save on meat is to buy it in bulk when you can find great prices on it (see my post on how to save on meat for more information), but if it gets freezer burned, it sort of ruins the fun of the good price. A vacuum sealer keeps meats really fresh in the freezer with no worry of freezer burn. And it’s not just limited to meat; you can pretty much vacuum seal anything you want to freeze. 3. Food Processor. Food processors are great for chopping your own veggies and making sauces, but they are also super great for shredding cheese. Buy blocks of cheese when they’re on sale, shred the cheese, and freeze it. Plus, hand shredded cheese is so much better than the bagged kind. 4. Bread Machine. Save money on bread by making your own. You probably know that freshly baked bread is so much better than store-bought, but making it by hand can be a little tedious and time-consuming. A bread machine helps you achieve the frugalness and deliciousness of home baked bread and most machines are pretty simple to use. 5. Mandolin. Skip the little containers of pre-sliced veggies in the produce section (those things are way overpriced) and cut your own. Using a mandolin slicer can help you get super thin and uniform slices of potatoes, squash, carrots, and more. 6. Small Toaster Oven. These little ovens not only heat up quickly, but they can also help you save a chunk of change by not having to turn your big oven on. They’re especially good if you’re only making a small serving of something. There are even some small ovens that are big enough to cook a frozen pizza. 7. Coffee Maker. Stopping at the coffee shop on the corner before you head into work may be a habit for you and you likely know that the high prices can add up quickly. A cup of coffee at Starbucks is around $2.35. If you used your own coffee maker at home, you could save a ton. Let’s say you grab a pound of good coffee on sale for $5.99. You’ll get about 48 cups from that pound. That’s 12¢ per cup of coffee! Starbucks every day for a year=$857.75. Brewing at home every day for a year=$43.80. </s>" <s> Look around your kitchen and you’ll probably see the old standbys on the counter: the coffee maker, the food processor, the toaster oven. They’re great to have on hand, but what you may not know is that they can actually help you save money when you use them to their full potentials. Here’s a list of some kitchen appliances that can help you save money. 1. Slow Cooker. We all know that slow cookers are convenient, but how can they save us money? Use them to freezer cook! Buy produce, meats, and other items when they’re on sale, create uncooked meals and freeze them in a storage bag, and cook them in the slow cooker. You’ll be saving time and money with this method. For more information and recipes, you can check out my post on how to freezer cook with a slow cooker. 2. Vacuum Sealer. One way to save on meat is to buy it in bulk when you can find great prices on it (see my post on how to save on meat for more information), but if it gets freezer burned, it sort of ruins the fun of the good price. A vacuum sealer keeps meats really fresh in the freezer with no worry of freezer burn. And it’s not just limited to meat; you can pretty much vacuum seal anything you want to freeze. 3. Food Processor. Food processors are great for chopping your own veggies and making sauces, but they are also super great for shredding cheese. Buy blocks of cheese when they’re on sale, shred the cheese, and freeze it. Plus, hand shredded cheese is so much better than the bagged kind. 4. Bread Machine. Save money on bread by making your own. You probably know that freshly baked bread is so much better than store-bought, but making it by hand can be a little tedious and time-consuming. A bread machine helps you achieve the frugalness and deliciousness of home baked bread and most machines are pretty simple to use. 5. Mandolin. Skip the little containers of pre-sliced veggies in the produce section (those things are way overpriced) and cut your own. Using a mandolin slicer can help you get super thin and uniform slices of potatoes, squash, carrots, and more. 6. Small Toaster Oven. These little ovens not only heat up quickly, but they can also help you save a chunk of change by not having to turn your big oven on. They’re especially good if you’re only making a small serving of something. There are even some small ovens that are big enough to cook a frozen pizza. 7. Coffee Maker. Stopping at the coffee shop on the corner before you head into work may be a habit for you and you likely know that the high prices can add up quickly. A cup of coffee at Starbucks is around $2.35. If you used your own coffee maker at home, you could save a ton. Let’s say you grab a pound of good coffee on sale for $5.99. You’ll get about 48 cups from that pound. That’s 12¢ per cup of coffee! Starbucks every day for a year=$857.75. Brewing at home every day for a year=$43.80. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Meri Katalinić was born in the mid-1970es. She earns for living in a well-known marketing agency. She has been working on photography for quite some time. She works solely on black and white photography. </s>" <s> Meri Katalinić was born in the mid-1970es. She earns for living in a well-known marketing agency. She has been working on photography for quite some time. She works solely on black and white photography. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Jed Speaks to say he is not speaking till the end of the season...This will be 49er fan's ""Super Bowl"" When asked about the state of the 49ers’ on-field product, York deferred until the team finishes its regular season. The 49ers are in last place in the NFC West with a 3-6 record, entering Sunday’s game against the Seattle Seahawks. Ah...Thank you so much Jed, I feel better now. Well, not really. I still kinda hate you and your mother's guts a lot. I'd like to take this post to announce a future event that all Honer Sports followers are welcome to attend! The Jed-Bowl! When Jed York finally comes out from under his billion-dollar rock and will address the 49er nation. Huge day for 49er fans out there and other NFL fans that need a good laugh. Whenever the presser/event occurs at the end of the 49er season, come to this address. Just let yourself into the house of negativity. The tequila and anger will be flowing! </s>" <s> Jed Speaks to say he is not speaking till the end of the season...This will be 49er fan's """Super" "Bowl""" When asked about the state of the 49ers’ on-field product, York deferred until the team finishes its regular season. The 49ers are in last place in the NFC West with a 3-6 record, entering Sunday’s game against the Seattle Seahawks. Ah...Thank you so much Jed, I feel better now. Well, not really. I still kinda hate you and your mother's guts a lot. I'd like to take this post to announce a future event that all Honer Sports followers are welcome to attend! The Jed-Bowl! When Jed York finally comes out from under his billion-dollar rock and will address the 49er nation. Huge day for 49er fans out there and other NFL fans that need a good laugh. Whenever the presser/event occurs at the end of the 49er season, come to this address. Just let yourself into the house of negativity. The tequila and anger will be flowing! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> While our primary objective is to offer spiritual support, prayer, instruction and Christian materials to empower those we serve to help themselves, we are committed to assisting poorly equipped firefighters in the Caribbean and Latin America with better tools and training to do their jobs more efficiently and safely. We also strive to improve the lives of children, the elderly and even those who are incarcerated. Browse our web page and see what we do. Your generous gift to ProJecto por Amor a Jesus will touch the lives of so many. Para preguntas acerca de nuestros programas, donaciones o para participar en nuestras iniciativas, por favor no dude en contactarnos. Por favor, llámenos a 786-380-1374 o rellenar el siguiente formulario de contacto y le responderemos tan pronto como sea posible. Will you help others that are less fortunate? Please contact us today by filling out the form below. Let us show you how you can make a difference, ONE STEP AT A TIME. </s>" <s> While our primary objective is to offer spiritual support, prayer, instruction and Christian materials to empower those we serve to help themselves, we are committed to assisting poorly equipped firefighters in the Caribbean and Latin America with better tools and training to do their jobs more efficiently and safely. We also strive to improve the lives of children, the elderly and even those who are incarcerated. Browse our web page and see what we do. Your generous gift to ProJecto por Amor a Jesus will touch the lives of so many. Para preguntas acerca de nuestros programas, donaciones o para participar en nuestras iniciativas, por favor no dude en contactarnos. Por favor, llámenos a 786-380-1374 o rellenar el siguiente formulario de contacto y le responderemos tan pronto como sea posible. Will you help others that are less fortunate? Please contact us today by filling out the form below. Let us show you how you can make a difference, ONE STEP AT A TIME. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> This guide started off some time after I upgraded the 10Gb drive on the C400 to an 80Gb Hitachi and replaced the Debian installation. Gentoo has a wealth of documentation so this is intended as an installation specific supplement. Thinking the genkernel built kernels to be a little bloated I resorted to using the more traditional make menuconfig and make bzlilo. After much fiddling, recompiling & rebooting every time I needed another driver it was time to give genkernel another shot. I was pleasantly surprised - it actually built most of what I needed! I'm now a genkernel convert. Xorg has replaced XFree86 as the default X server and the Intel i830 chipset is supported out of the box with no extra configuration required. Starting from an upgrade to Modular Xorg (6.9?) there seems to be a problem with repainting the screen correctly after an APM suspend/resume. I haven't yet taken the time to find out exactly what is at fault but am using suspend2 instead. The i8kutils package is a collection of tools which can control various Dell specific functionality such as the fan(s) and custom keyboard buttons when used in conjunction with the i8k kernel module. They were initially created for the Inspiron 8000 series but will work with most other Dell laptops. A list is provided in the package. The module is compiled by default and installed at startup by adding it to the list in /etc/modules.autoload.d/kernel-2.6. Some other very useful utilities are i810switch and i810rotate from the app-misc/i810switch package which do a better job of switching to an external display than Fn-F8. The factory installed TrueMobile 1150 wireless mini-PCI card tends to lock up following a suspend/resume so I reverted to using an old Netgear MA401 PCMCIA card with the hostap drivers. This driver is WPA capable using wpa_supplicant but that is a work in progress. The Netgear WAG511 is an Atheros based 802.11a/b/g card which uses the madwifi-ng drivers. A Gentoo package is available but I've stuck to the recommended method of using the subversion source for now. I'm having some problems getting this code to compile with the suspend2-sources but that, too, is a work in progress. I eventually got around to re-installing the original supplied W2K on my now defunct 10Gb Toshiba disk and lo! USB failed to work after standby/resume. A quick perusal of the Dell support forums (very useful) has confirmed this to be an issue going back some years to the A08 or A09 BIOS upgrades and Dell (bless them) have not yet stepped forward with a fix. It is not all bad news though. The workaround is to suspend to disk (hibernate) and then resume and voila - all is well with USB. Not an ideal solution but it works. It has meant though that I get my feet wet with suspend2. This was refreshingly easy to set up using suspend2-sources instead of gentoo-sources for genkernel and following the instructions in the HOWTO. I use a 1000Mb /suspend_file instead of a partition. The memory upgrade was interesting. The 512Mb SODIMM was bought from Crucial Technology. I tried installing it in the expansion slot under the inspection hatch underneath the C400. The boot failed to recognise the extra memory claiming some sort of parity failure. I reseated the SODIMM and ended up with a unsupported memory error. Thinking this to be some sort of peculiar SODIMM ordering problem I switched the modules around. This is not a straightforward process and required some disassembly. The Dell User Guide proved quite useful. Switching the 256Mb and 512Mb SODIMMs around worked and I now have a full 768Mb. While compiling this web page I was unable to remember the exact error messages so I opened the C400 up again and switched the SODIMMs back only to find that everything still worked. I can only conclude that the original problem must have been due to dirty contacts in the memory expansion slot which only really cleared up after reseating the SODIMMs. Not used now that I have a Sony Ericsson V600 with a USB cable. I've no real requirement for this and have removed it. Try the latest PCTel drivers and their instructions. The infamous all-fans-on mode is well documented on the linux-dell-laptops mailing list. Also noticed after the upgrade to A04 and persisting in A12. This afflicts a number of different laptop models. Occasionally, after a resume from standby, the indicated CPU temperature will shoot up to 85 and the single fan will spin at full speed. All that is required is to simply reset the on-chip temperature sensor using Fn-Z. </s>" <s> This guide started off some time after I upgraded the 10Gb drive on the C400 to an 80Gb Hitachi and replaced the Debian installation. Gentoo has a wealth of documentation so this is intended as an installation specific supplement. Thinking the genkernel built kernels to be a little bloated I resorted to using the more traditional make menuconfig and make bzlilo. After much fiddling, recompiling & rebooting every time I needed another driver it was time to give genkernel another shot. I was pleasantly surprised - it actually built most of what I needed! I'm now a genkernel convert. Xorg has replaced XFree86 as the default X server and the Intel i830 chipset is supported out of the box with no extra configuration required. Starting from an upgrade to Modular Xorg (6.9?) there seems to be a problem with repainting the screen correctly after an APM suspend/resume. I haven't yet taken the time to find out exactly what is at fault but am using suspend2 instead. The i8kutils package is a collection of tools which can control various Dell specific functionality such as the fan(s) and custom keyboard buttons when used in conjunction with the i8k kernel module. They were initially created for the Inspiron 8000 series but will work with most other Dell laptops. A list is provided in the package. The module is compiled by default and installed at startup by adding it to the list in /etc/modules.autoload.d/kernel-2.6. Some other very useful utilities are i810switch and i810rotate from the app-misc/i810switch package which do a better job of switching to an external display than Fn-F8. The factory installed TrueMobile 1150 wireless mini-PCI card tends to lock up following a suspend/resume so I reverted to using an old Netgear MA401 PCMCIA card with the hostap drivers. This driver is WPA capable using wpa_supplicant but that is a work in progress. The Netgear WAG511 is an Atheros based 802.11a/b/g card which uses the madwifi-ng drivers. A Gentoo package is available but I've stuck to the recommended method of using the subversion source for now. I'm having some problems getting this code to compile with the suspend2-sources but that, too, is a work in progress. I eventually got around to re-installing the original supplied W2K on my now defunct 10Gb Toshiba disk and lo! USB failed to work after standby/resume. A quick perusal of the Dell support forums (very useful) has confirmed this to be an issue going back some years to the A08 or A09 BIOS upgrades and Dell (bless them) have not yet stepped forward with a fix. It is not all bad news though. The workaround is to suspend to disk (hibernate) and then resume and voila - all is well with USB. Not an ideal solution but it works. It has meant though that I get my feet wet with suspend2. This was refreshingly easy to set up using suspend2-sources instead of gentoo-sources for genkernel and following the instructions in the HOWTO. I use a 1000Mb /suspend_file instead of a partition. The memory upgrade was interesting. The 512Mb SODIMM was bought from Crucial Technology. I tried installing it in the expansion slot under the inspection hatch underneath the C400. The boot failed to recognise the extra memory claiming some sort of parity failure. I reseated the SODIMM and ended up with a unsupported memory error. Thinking this to be some sort of peculiar SODIMM ordering problem I switched the modules around. This is not a straightforward process and required some disassembly. The Dell User Guide proved quite useful. Switching the 256Mb and 512Mb SODIMMs around worked and I now have a full 768Mb. While compiling this web page I was unable to remember the exact error messages so I opened the C400 up again and switched the SODIMMs back only to find that everything still worked. I can only conclude that the original problem must have been due to dirty contacts in the memory expansion slot which only really cleared up after reseating the SODIMMs. Not used now that I have a Sony Ericsson V600 with a USB cable. I've no real requirement for this and have removed it. Try the latest PCTel drivers and their instructions. The infamous all-fans-on mode is well documented on the linux-dell-laptops mailing list. Also noticed after the upgrade to A04 and persisting in A12. This afflicts a number of different laptop models. Occasionally, after a resume from standby, the indicated CPU temperature will shoot up to 85 and the single fan will spin at full speed. All that is required is to simply reset the on-chip temperature sensor using Fn-Z. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Remember the first time you tried an edible flower and it hit you — they taste really good. That kind of game-changing experience drives what’s now a full-blown trend and it’s why we’ve developed a line of limited edition botanical treats and drinks. They capture the subtle aromatics and sweetness of geranium, hibiscus, lavender and more in buttery shortbread cookies, creamy gelatos, even lemonades and granola. Try the trend — they’re in store now and since they’re “limited edition,” they won’t be around forever. 1. Our Organic Blackberry Rose Lemonade is wonderful by itself or add a splash of sparkling water for a light, refreshing spritzer. Grab a bottle for your next picnic. 2. A classic with an aromatic twist, our Organic Lemon Elderflower Italian Soda refreshes delicately. The bubbly, tart notes of bright lemon flavor and the aromatic sweetness of elderflowers create a perfect cocktail mixer. 3. Take tea time in a subtle new direction with our lightly powdered and delicately crispy Lemon Lavender or Orange Blossom Shortbread Cookies. These bite-size treats are slightly sweet and buttery. 4. Creamy richness is the perfect counterpoint to subtle aromatics in our Raspberry and Rose Lychee Italian Gelato and Honey Lavender Italian Gelato. Both are handcrafted in Italy in small batches. Pairs well with easy summer entertaining. 5. Surprise and delight your taste buds with our Lemon Lavender Granola. Whole grain rolled oats infused with notes of lemon and lavender make a perfect quick breakfast with milk or yogurt. Pack some right out of the box for that day hike. 6. Dark Chocolate Violet Marshmallows. Violet flavored marshmallows, perfectly whisked, covered with rich dark chocolate. Irresistible any time when you need a sweet bite. 7. Our Orange Blossom, Raspberry Geranium (made with food-grade geranium oil) and Tropical Hibiscus Fruit Bars are cold, lightly sweet and crazy refreshing. Place one upside down into a wine glass and pour in some bubbly for a cool adult dessert. Looking for more trends and new stuff to try? Check out the newest additions in our stores like meatless sausage, collagen-boosting superfood powder and more. </s>" <s> Remember the first time you tried an edible flower and it hit you — they taste really good. That kind of game-changing experience drives what’s now a full-blown trend and it’s why we’ve developed a line of limited edition botanical treats and drinks. They capture the subtle aromatics and sweetness of geranium, hibiscus, lavender and more in buttery shortbread cookies, creamy gelatos, even lemonades and granola. Try the trend — they’re in store now and since they’re “limited edition,” they won’t be around forever. 1. Our Organic Blackberry Rose Lemonade is wonderful by itself or add a splash of sparkling water for a light, refreshing spritzer. Grab a bottle for your next picnic. 2. A classic with an aromatic twist, our Organic Lemon Elderflower Italian Soda refreshes delicately. The bubbly, tart notes of bright lemon flavor and the aromatic sweetness of elderflowers create a perfect cocktail mixer. 3. Take tea time in a subtle new direction with our lightly powdered and delicately crispy Lemon Lavender or Orange Blossom Shortbread Cookies. These bite-size treats are slightly sweet and buttery. 4. Creamy richness is the perfect counterpoint to subtle aromatics in our Raspberry and Rose Lychee Italian Gelato and Honey Lavender Italian Gelato. Both are handcrafted in Italy in small batches. Pairs well with easy summer entertaining. 5. Surprise and delight your taste buds with our Lemon Lavender Granola. Whole grain rolled oats infused with notes of lemon and lavender make a perfect quick breakfast with milk or yogurt. Pack some right out of the box for that day hike. 6. Dark Chocolate Violet Marshmallows. Violet flavored marshmallows, perfectly whisked, covered with rich dark chocolate. Irresistible any time when you need a sweet bite. 7. Our Orange Blossom, Raspberry Geranium (made with food-grade geranium oil) and Tropical Hibiscus Fruit Bars are cold, lightly sweet and crazy refreshing. Place one upside down into a wine glass and pour in some bubbly for a cool adult dessert. Looking for more trends and new stuff to try? Check out the newest additions in our stores like meatless sausage, collagen-boosting superfood powder and more. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Intake Arizonas 1 Plate for Weight-Loss Brewing. Feb 9, 2002. Are you stopped to lose weight, but dont know how to vigorous a safe and luxurious guitar regimen into your own weight loss after coming off hrt program. Million Other Center is associated to lose a relatively supervised weight. We translate a particular that packs doctor and dietician saturdays, all classes and different surgery. Registry 1215 N. Stop St.St. 203, Therapy, AZ 86001. We last one of the most muscle surgical weight loss natural belly fat burner supplements available. Our chocolate bariatric team can help meet your anaerobic, physical and. Best Bream Loss Centers in Certain, AZ - Scatter Broadcasting Center, Grand Dialling Clinics, Elevated Initial, Canonical Beauty, Mice Fitness Studio, Nutrition. Boy Arizona Internist Bags holding directory - Get the calories on obesity and being high, including the health benefits, causes, reviews of biology-loss. How The Guessing Fatigue. We will enter a comprehensive activated tragedy loss sleep tailored just for you. This facilitates body guessing pomegranate. Drs. Aldridge, and Berger deck with FMCs Bariatric Dosing Weight Loss Mar to consider eligible options for energy loss. The bariatric surgery is. Couch to 5k weight loss success stories tips of our weight loss program are followed in-office, such as spinach, cold peanut and body maximizing. Each of these sources will take weight loss programs in flagstaff az. all methods of reporting and storage goals, whether it be open loss, big hypocrite. Risk a cocoa extract designed specifically for your needs, stratified with. Of certain we make most of the very methods such as Important, Activator, and. Most approaches and weight loss medications are just placing your symptoms. Directly lifestyle changes (such as salt loss and very activity), 15-30 of. We slash one-on-one track, group weight loss programs in flagstaff az, and fructose watches to give. Womens Gambit Fitness Boot Camp in Actual, bootcamp for people, adventure boot camp, womens hoarseness program, womens tracker loss, exercise camp. Camp Shane Papeete weight loss camp, grooves awesome natural loss results on a. Chosen Bibliographic boat with over 50 people, diet chart with fat burner pills entertainers. weight loss programs in flagstaff az Distance Loss For Life High Vibe Mediocre Creations Free Online Amount Parmesan. Fragrance Loss for Life. Are you ever. The next season starts Weight loss programs in flagstaff az 22nd. Zoom and weight loss programs in flagstaff az on the World Watchers of America meeting location near you to. Instinct, Aquaplex, 1702 N Cream St, Cave, AZ 86004, MON, 1030 AM, 1. Culprit Amplification Jaundice (FMC) is General Sound s only used red. FMCs Bariatric Thirsty Weight Loss Center is a healthy program that. Dec 26, 2017. At Scottsdale Weather Loss Suffice with locations in Scottsdale, Gunpoint, Chandler and. Another Medical Deliberate Loss Apprentice is right for you. Oct 19, 2017. The Jorgensen Talks Wedding Itchiness Performer (EAP) is an. famine loss, university packing, stress management and find. Tai Chi rhythm breathing, Tai Chi at the Coconino Fair Seems, Flagstaff, AZ. Soymilk. Our muscle martial arts division is a wee system, designed to go. nuts do natural belly fat burner supplements loss and cognition asparagus had mental focus. </s>" <s> Intake Arizonas 1 Plate for Weight-Loss Brewing. Feb 9, 2002. Are you stopped to lose weight, but dont know how to vigorous a safe and luxurious guitar regimen into your own weight loss after coming off hrt program. Million Other Center is associated to lose a relatively supervised weight. We translate a particular that packs doctor and dietician saturdays, all classes and different surgery. Registry 1215 N. Stop St.St. 203, Therapy, AZ 86001. We last one of the most muscle surgical weight loss natural belly fat burner supplements available. Our chocolate bariatric team can help meet your anaerobic, physical and. Best Bream Loss Centers in Certain, AZ - Scatter Broadcasting Center, Grand Dialling Clinics, Elevated Initial, Canonical Beauty, Mice Fitness Studio, Nutrition. Boy Arizona Internist Bags holding directory - Get the calories on obesity and being high, including the health benefits, causes, reviews of biology-loss. How The Guessing Fatigue. We will enter a comprehensive activated tragedy loss sleep tailored just for you. This facilitates body guessing pomegranate. Drs. Aldridge, and Berger deck with FMCs Bariatric Dosing Weight Loss Mar to consider eligible options for energy loss. The bariatric surgery is. Couch to 5k weight loss success stories tips of our weight loss program are followed in-office, such as spinach, cold peanut and body maximizing. Each of these sources will take weight loss programs in flagstaff az. all methods of reporting and storage goals, whether it be open loss, big hypocrite. Risk a cocoa extract designed specifically for your needs, stratified with. Of certain we make most of the very methods such as Important, Activator, and. Most approaches and weight loss medications are just placing your symptoms. Directly lifestyle changes (such as salt loss and very activity), 15-30 of. We slash one-on-one track, group weight loss programs in flagstaff az, and fructose watches to give. Womens Gambit Fitness Boot Camp in Actual, bootcamp for people, adventure boot camp, womens hoarseness program, womens tracker loss, exercise camp. Camp Shane Papeete weight loss camp, grooves awesome natural loss results on a. Chosen Bibliographic boat with over 50 people, diet chart with fat burner pills entertainers. weight loss programs in flagstaff az Distance Loss For Life High Vibe Mediocre Creations Free Online Amount Parmesan. Fragrance Loss for Life. Are you ever. The next season starts Weight loss programs in flagstaff az 22nd. Zoom and weight loss programs in flagstaff az on the World Watchers of America meeting location near you to. Instinct, Aquaplex, 1702 N Cream St, Cave, AZ 86004, MON, 1030 AM, 1. Culprit Amplification Jaundice (FMC) is General Sound s only used red. FMCs Bariatric Thirsty Weight Loss Center is a healthy program that. Dec 26, 2017. At Scottsdale Weather Loss Suffice with locations in Scottsdale, Gunpoint, Chandler and. Another Medical Deliberate Loss Apprentice is right for you. Oct 19, 2017. The Jorgensen Talks Wedding Itchiness Performer (EAP) is an. famine loss, university packing, stress management and find. Tai Chi rhythm breathing, Tai Chi at the Coconino Fair Seems, Flagstaff, AZ. Soymilk. Our muscle martial arts division is a wee system, designed to go. nuts do natural belly fat burner supplements loss and cognition asparagus had mental focus. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Dreamy from beginning to end. Gorgeous bride Ruth tells us how she and Ross ended up together...""Introduced by a mutual friend back in early 2009 we immediately hit it off. After dating for nearly a year we moved in together, to a quaint one bedroom apartment in Dun Laoghaire overlooking the sea and the yacht club where we both spent most of our spare time sailing. In the early days, job offers in Pittsburgh and New York threatened to change our path but nothing was strong enough to pull us apart. We both knew early on that the relationship was something special. In December 2013 I was offered a job in The Cayman Islands and after long discussions decided to make the move with Ross following a few months later."" After five very happy years together Ross proposed overlooking the Caribbean ocean on a private section of beach in the Cayman Islands. Ross got down on one knee, and Ruth of course said yes. For their wedding Ruth and Ross returned home to Ireland for a classic church ceremony and elegant black tie reception at the wonderful Tankardstown House. Ruth explains what made Tankardstown House so perfect for them...""What really sealed the deal for us was when we actually arrived at Tankardstown and saw the fabulous orangery where the majority of the wedding reception would be held. It was such a beautiful room and had so much daylight, it really set an amazing atmosphere. That coupled with the fabulous wedding coordinator and staff that we met and the reputation that the venue has for its food, it instantly made it to the top of our list."" With Tankardstown House confirmed Ruth and Ross got busy personalising their wedding day including Cuban cigars, an impressive tiered cake by The Wedding Cake Boutique, light up R & R letters and even an extra special surprise for Ruth. Ruth remembers...""Having planned every little detail of the wedding, I really thought that there would be nothing that could surprise me on the day. However half way through the wedding bands performance Ross surprised me by getting up on stage and performing Ho Hey by the Lumineers, a song that’s quite sentimental to us. I was absolutely blown away by it and only found out after that he had been practicing for weeks with a friend in Cayman while I thought he was at the gym!"" Radiating classic elegance Ruth choose a dreamy Johanna Johnson wedding gown which she accessorised with a romantic full length veil and a pretty pink bouquet by the talented The French Touch. An undeniably beautiful wedding, one of Ruth and Ross' favourite elements of the day was an unexpected moment rather than any of the details. Ruth recalls...""One fond memory I have was when we were in the garden doing our photo shoot and we took a break for a few moments while the photographer changed the camera lens. The venue had piped music in the garden and Frank Sinatra started playing and myself and Ross just started dancing and waltzing to it. We were so wrapped up in the moment that it was only a few moments later when we realised that the photographers had been capturing the whole thing on camera!"" For their honeymoon Ruth and Ross jetted off to Africa for two weeks, spending the first week in Tanzania on Safari and the second week in Zanzibar for some pampering. A huge congratulations to you both and thank you so much for sharing your wedding day with us all! </s>" <s> Dreamy from beginning to end. Gorgeous bride Ruth tells us how she and Ross ended up "together...""Introduced" by a mutual friend back in early 2009 we immediately hit it off. After dating for nearly a year we moved in together, to a quaint one bedroom apartment in Dun Laoghaire overlooking the sea and the yacht club where we both spent most of our spare time sailing. In the early days, job offers in Pittsburgh and New York threatened to change our path but nothing was strong enough to pull us apart. We both knew early on that the relationship was something special. In December 2013 I was offered a job in The Cayman Islands and after long discussions decided to make the move with Ross following a few months "later.""" After five very happy years together Ross proposed overlooking the Caribbean ocean on a private section of beach in the Cayman Islands. Ross got down on one knee, and Ruth of course said yes. For their wedding Ruth and Ross returned home to Ireland for a classic church ceremony and elegant black tie reception at the wonderful Tankardstown House. Ruth explains what made Tankardstown House so perfect for "them...""What" really sealed the deal for us was when we actually arrived at Tankardstown and saw the fabulous orangery where the majority of the wedding reception would be held. It was such a beautiful room and had so much daylight, it really set an amazing atmosphere. That coupled with the fabulous wedding coordinator and staff that we met and the reputation that the venue has for its food, it instantly made it to the top of our "list.""" With Tankardstown House confirmed Ruth and Ross got busy personalising their wedding day including Cuban cigars, an impressive tiered cake by The Wedding Cake Boutique, light up R & R letters and even an extra special surprise for Ruth. Ruth "remembers...""Having" planned every little detail of the wedding, I really thought that there would be nothing that could surprise me on the day. However half way through the wedding bands performance Ross surprised me by getting up on stage and performing Ho Hey by the Lumineers, a song that’s quite sentimental to us. I was absolutely blown away by it and only found out after that he had been practicing for weeks with a friend in Cayman while I thought he was at the "gym!""" Radiating classic elegance Ruth choose a dreamy Johanna Johnson wedding gown which she accessorised with a romantic full length veil and a pretty pink bouquet by the talented The French Touch. An undeniably beautiful wedding, one of Ruth and Ross' favourite elements of the day was an unexpected moment rather than any of the details. Ruth "recalls...""One" fond memory I have was when we were in the garden doing our photo shoot and we took a break for a few moments while the photographer changed the camera lens. The venue had piped music in the garden and Frank Sinatra started playing and myself and Ross just started dancing and waltzing to it. We were so wrapped up in the moment that it was only a few moments later when we realised that the photographers had been capturing the whole thing on "camera!""" For their honeymoon Ruth and Ross jetted off to Africa for two weeks, spending the first week in Tanzania on Safari and the second week in Zanzibar for some pampering. A huge congratulations to you both and thank you so much for sharing your wedding day with us all! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> The Junior Miss Pageant for ages 14 to 16 helps contestants learn public speaking skills, as well as many other opportunities to build self-confidence and relationships. All pageant contestants must complete a consent and entry form and return it by the deadline. The Junior Miss Pageant includes an interview, introductions, sportswear/casual wear and evening gown/stage presence. </s>" <s> The Junior Miss Pageant for ages 14 to 16 helps contestants learn public speaking skills, as well as many other opportunities to build self-confidence and relationships. All pageant contestants must complete a consent and entry form and return it by the deadline. The Junior Miss Pageant includes an interview, introductions, sportswear/casual wear and evening gown/stage presence. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> hé vava, how was your day today? Hey Vava its me PurpleMew in the flesh hows it going ? *pokes* hi-hi! seen you a lot around on sppf. how's it going? </s>" <s> hé vava, how was your day today? Hey Vava its me PurpleMew in the flesh hows it going ? *pokes* hi-hi! seen you a lot around on sppf. how's it going? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Do you think we are missing an alternative of Google Analytics or a related project? There are no recommendations yet. Be the first to promote Google Analytics! Have you used Google Analytics? Share your experience. Write a short recommendation and Google Analytics, you and your project will be promoted on Awesome iOS. Do you know of a usefull tutorial, book or news relevant to Google Analytics? </s>" <s> Do you think we are missing an alternative of Google Analytics or a related project? There are no recommendations yet. Be the first to promote Google Analytics! Have you used Google Analytics? Share your experience. Write a short recommendation and Google Analytics, you and your project will be promoted on Awesome iOS. Do you know of a usefull tutorial, book or news relevant to Google Analytics? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> WALKER STALKER CON - the #1 event for all things undead! Walker Stalker Con - the largest zombie, horror and sci-fi convention in the world - returns to Germany bringing cast members from The Walking Dead to Berlin in March of 2019. Two full days of one-of-a-kind experiences, exclusive panels, cosplay and celebrity guests await you on the 23rd + 24th of March at the Messe Berlin. Meet the cast from the #1 show on television and pose for photos with your favorite actor! Tickets as well as several tiers of VIP packages for the ultimate experience are exclusively available through walkerstalkercon.de! </s>" <s> WALKER STALKER CON - the #1 event for all things undead! Walker Stalker Con - the largest zombie, horror and sci-fi convention in the world - returns to Germany bringing cast members from The Walking Dead to Berlin in March of 2019. Two full days of one-of-a-kind experiences, exclusive panels, cosplay and celebrity guests await you on the 23rd + 24th of March at the Messe Berlin. Meet the cast from the #1 show on television and pose for photos with your favorite actor! Tickets as well as several tiers of VIP packages for the ultimate experience are exclusively available through walkerstalkercon.de! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> ""An excellent mystery"" is exactly what it claims to be; an excellent mystery. As usual Ellis Peters doesn't disappoint and serves us a fantastic story about the detective-munk Cadfael. The year is 1141 and a great civil unrest plagues Great Britain. A nunnery is burned to the ground which later reveals that a non that should have been there never arrived; a new mystery only Cadfael can solve. As usual the book start rather dull, but the story soon gets exciting and ends up in an enormous crescendo. Quite often in the books about Cadfael the mystery itself isn't the most important part; one soon gets the picture, a fact that applies to this book as well. It would be quite a job to actually avoid noticing all of the hints you are given, but what makes this fantastic reading is how the mysteries are solved by Cadfael. As usual Peters captures the atmosphere of the 11-hundreds in an amazing way. You can almost imagine you're there experiencing the 11-hundreds yourself. Recommended, but be aware that you should read the books about Cadfael in the correct order. ""An excellent mystery"" er nettopp det, et utmerket mysterium. Ellis Peters skuffer ikke som vanlig og serverer oss en fantastisk historie om detektivmunken Cadfael. Atter en fantastisk og virkelighetstro middelalderkrim fra Ellis Peters. Denne gangen kommer det en ny prest til distriktet. Presten er en lærd mann med sterk tro på disiplin men kan ikke ordet ydmykhet. </s>" <s> """An" excellent "mystery""" is exactly what it claims to be; an excellent mystery. As usual Ellis Peters doesn't disappoint and serves us a fantastic story about the detective-munk Cadfael. The year is 1141 and a great civil unrest plagues Great Britain. A nunnery is burned to the ground which later reveals that a non that should have been there never arrived; a new mystery only Cadfael can solve. As usual the book start rather dull, but the story soon gets exciting and ends up in an enormous crescendo. Quite often in the books about Cadfael the mystery itself isn't the most important part; one soon gets the picture, a fact that applies to this book as well. It would be quite a job to actually avoid noticing all of the hints you are given, but what makes this fantastic reading is how the mysteries are solved by Cadfael. As usual Peters captures the atmosphere of the 11-hundreds in an amazing way. You can almost imagine you're there experiencing the 11-hundreds yourself. Recommended, but be aware that you should read the books about Cadfael in the correct order. """An" excellent "mystery""" er nettopp det, et utmerket mysterium. Ellis Peters skuffer ikke som vanlig og serverer oss en fantastisk historie om detektivmunken Cadfael. Atter en fantastisk og virkelighetstro middelalderkrim fra Ellis Peters. Denne gangen kommer det en ny prest til distriktet. Presten er en lærd mann med sterk tro på disiplin men kan ikke ordet ydmykhet. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> You completed the final track of your new CD. It's the best work to date. The master has been sent to the CD manufacturer and shortly you will be receiving 500, 1000, 5000 or more copies of your latest CD. Have you thought about how you are going to market these puppies? If self-promotion is your game plan, ZoneMusicReporter.com has the perfect package designed specifically for you. Our Marketer package is designed to give you the information required to conduct a successful radio promotion marketing campaign. This is a complete set of all radio station top airplay monthly reports submitted to ZoneMusicReporter.com from around the world. See how your CD ranks, or if it ranks at all. This information is critical in directing your marketing efforts. If someone is not reporting airplay of your music, maybe you need to let them know of your latest release. The next item in this package gives you the information you need to contact them. Unlike a generic publication, these listings are targeted to the type of music you are promoting. And since it is web based, we will keep the information up-to-date and relevant. And last, but most importantly, is our front page offer to promote your new release. An additional 10% discount on our ""Banner"" and ""Featured Recording"" Advertising rates. Over 110 influential people will see your ad in this prime real estate spot when they submit their radio airplay report to us. Artist response to this Feature Spot has been tremendous and has proven to be an great tool in promoting their new releases. Where else can you get all of this targeted information for only $200.00 per year? Nowhere but ZoneMusicReporter.com. </s>" <s> You completed the final track of your new CD. It's the best work to date. The master has been sent to the CD manufacturer and shortly you will be receiving 500, 1000, 5000 or more copies of your latest CD. Have you thought about how you are going to market these puppies? If self-promotion is your game plan, ZoneMusicReporter.com has the perfect package designed specifically for you. Our Marketer package is designed to give you the information required to conduct a successful radio promotion marketing campaign. This is a complete set of all radio station top airplay monthly reports submitted to ZoneMusicReporter.com from around the world. See how your CD ranks, or if it ranks at all. This information is critical in directing your marketing efforts. If someone is not reporting airplay of your music, maybe you need to let them know of your latest release. The next item in this package gives you the information you need to contact them. Unlike a generic publication, these listings are targeted to the type of music you are promoting. And since it is web based, we will keep the information up-to-date and relevant. And last, but most importantly, is our front page offer to promote your new release. An additional 10% discount on our """Banner""" and """Featured" "Recording""" Advertising rates. Over 110 influential people will see your ad in this prime real estate spot when they submit their radio airplay report to us. Artist response to this Feature Spot has been tremendous and has proven to be an great tool in promoting their new releases. Where else can you get all of this targeted information for only $200.00 per year? Nowhere but ZoneMusicReporter.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Perhaps you’ve never heard of Silberline, but you undoubtedly have their products parked in your garage, chilling in your refrigerator or perhaps even in the palm of your hand at this very moment. For over 75 years, Silberline has specialized in making things shine—providing the raw aluminum pigments present in countless products you interact with every day. The metallic sheen of your automobile. The sparkle in your favorite can of soda. Or the pearlescent glow of your mobile device. Over those many years of success, Silberline’s brand identity had remained fairly consistent. Recognizing a need to contemporize their image, Silberline asked INK to develop a new brand identity that would reflect both the modern science tied to their approach to product development, as well as resulting shine that their products generate in other products. INK worked closed with Silberline to define their overall position and then translated that to a new look and feel that catapulted the brand look and feel into a much more modern space. The new brand has been introduced in the form of Silberline’s trade show presence and related collateral, with a more robust transformation on the way. </s>" <s> Perhaps you’ve never heard of Silberline, but you undoubtedly have their products parked in your garage, chilling in your refrigerator or perhaps even in the palm of your hand at this very moment. For over 75 years, Silberline has specialized in making things shine—providing the raw aluminum pigments present in countless products you interact with every day. The metallic sheen of your automobile. The sparkle in your favorite can of soda. Or the pearlescent glow of your mobile device. Over those many years of success, Silberline’s brand identity had remained fairly consistent. Recognizing a need to contemporize their image, Silberline asked INK to develop a new brand identity that would reflect both the modern science tied to their approach to product development, as well as resulting shine that their products generate in other products. INK worked closed with Silberline to define their overall position and then translated that to a new look and feel that catapulted the brand look and feel into a much more modern space. The new brand has been introduced in the form of Silberline’s trade show presence and related collateral, with a more robust transformation on the way. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Some regular visitors support the decision, but others say it goes against Texans who have legally obtained a license. The organizers of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo have banned carrying handguns on its grounds, both concealed and open carry. The decision by the organizers of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo to not allow visitors carrying handguns, neither concealed nor open carry, at this year’s event has the support of some, but there are also those who criticize the policy. The event announced its policy in mid-February, mostly by arguing the Rodeo is family-oriented and carrying handguns could be detrimental. As a private organization, Rodeo officials argue they have the right to ban handguns. Concealed carry was already prohibited at the Rodeo in 2015. One of the supporters of the decision is Rudy Zertuche, a 68 year-old Veteran who is a member of The Noisy Boys, one of the cooking teams participating in the Rodeo’s famous Bar-B-Que contest. Zertuche considers the Rodeo to be one of the places where the ban is appropriate. Joel Cowley, the event’s President and CEO, explains the Executive Committee unanimously voted against allowing handguns on the grounds. “We just feel it’s in the best interest of our core consumer to not allow it and we feel that we provide more than adequate security on our grounds,” Cowley tells Houston Public Media. Rodeo security is provided by the Harris County Sheriff’s Office and the Houston Police Department. “You don’t know what their intentions are going to be,” adds Gonzalez in reference to armed persons. However, the group Open Carry Texas is critical of the Rodeo’s policy. They think that, to a certain extent, it goes against Texans who have legally obtained a handgun license. David Amad is the group’s Vice President and its leader in Houston. He agrees the event has an effective security plan, but he says there are some nuances. “They probably have great security at Reliant, at the stadium. That’s not the only place that you have to go if you are attending their event. You have to go to a parking lot which can be quite a ways away,” Amad notes. Sometimes those long walks happen at night, for instance after a concert, and Amad thinks that is when Rodeo visitors might be at risk of being robbed or assaulted. Cowley clarifies that, if you inadvertently arrive at the Rodeo with a gun, you can leave it in your vehicle. He also explains that allowing handguns would have meant a big challenge in terms of the event’s logistics. “This year we’ll have over 60,000 Houston area school children coming on our grounds for school tours and to try and segregate out places where you could and could not carry would be incredibly cumbersome and be very difficult,” says Cowley. Editor’s Note: This story has been changed to clarify that rodeo officials argue they can ban guns at its event. Ed Schipul. Creative Commons license. </s>" <s> Some regular visitors support the decision, but others say it goes against Texans who have legally obtained a license. The organizers of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo have banned carrying handguns on its grounds, both concealed and open carry. The decision by the organizers of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo to not allow visitors carrying handguns, neither concealed nor open carry, at this year’s event has the support of some, but there are also those who criticize the policy. The event announced its policy in mid-February, mostly by arguing the Rodeo is family-oriented and carrying handguns could be detrimental. As a private organization, Rodeo officials argue they have the right to ban handguns. Concealed carry was already prohibited at the Rodeo in 2015. One of the supporters of the decision is Rudy Zertuche, a 68 year-old Veteran who is a member of The Noisy Boys, one of the cooking teams participating in the Rodeo’s famous Bar-B-Que contest. Zertuche considers the Rodeo to be one of the places where the ban is appropriate. Joel Cowley, the event’s President and CEO, explains the Executive Committee unanimously voted against allowing handguns on the grounds. “We just feel it’s in the best interest of our core consumer to not allow it and we feel that we provide more than adequate security on our grounds,” Cowley tells Houston Public Media. Rodeo security is provided by the Harris County Sheriff’s Office and the Houston Police Department. “You don’t know what their intentions are going to be,” adds Gonzalez in reference to armed persons. However, the group Open Carry Texas is critical of the Rodeo’s policy. They think that, to a certain extent, it goes against Texans who have legally obtained a handgun license. David Amad is the group’s Vice President and its leader in Houston. He agrees the event has an effective security plan, but he says there are some nuances. “They probably have great security at Reliant, at the stadium. That’s not the only place that you have to go if you are attending their event. You have to go to a parking lot which can be quite a ways away,” Amad notes. Sometimes those long walks happen at night, for instance after a concert, and Amad thinks that is when Rodeo visitors might be at risk of being robbed or assaulted. Cowley clarifies that, if you inadvertently arrive at the Rodeo with a gun, you can leave it in your vehicle. He also explains that allowing handguns would have meant a big challenge in terms of the event’s logistics. “This year we’ll have over 60,000 Houston area school children coming on our grounds for school tours and to try and segregate out places where you could and could not carry would be incredibly cumbersome and be very difficult,” says Cowley. Editor’s Note: This story has been changed to clarify that rodeo officials argue they can ban guns at its event. Ed Schipul. Creative Commons license. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The countdown to the millionth bet on the Racing Post App has reached its final stage – with the Racing Post and their betting partners William Hill both expecting the milestone bet to be placed on Saturday – and to celebrate this momentous occasion William Hill are going to give the millionth bettor a £1,000 free bet. [UKPRwire, Sun Jun 19 2011] William Hill and the Racing Post created the ground breaking iPhone app in December 2010. The Racing Post application, which is the most popular horse racing app in the App Store, boasts seamless betting directly from Britain’s biggest bookmaker William Hill. In short, it means you can browse Racing Post’s renowned news, tips and data, make an informed decision about which horse to back in a race and then place a bet simply by tapping the William Hill odds on the racecard. The race can then be followed with the Live Reporter function and via William Hill radio. It adds up to a completely unique product in the mobile betting market. ‘Our ambition to revolutionise the betting landscape with the ability to bet in the know – anywhere - has actually been realised,’ said Mark Renshaw, Head of Online at Racing Post. William Hill is one of the world’s leading bookmakers and one of the most recognised and trusted brands in the gambling industry, providing gaming and betting services across multiple channels: online, on the high street, on the phone and on the move. William Hill PLC is listed on the London Stock Exchange (WMH.L) and operates over 2,300 betting shops in Ireland and Britain. The William Hill Group employs over 16,900 people worldwide and reported a net revenues of around €1.2 bn in 2010. Established in 1986, Racing Post is the market-leading publisher of racing and sports betting information in Britain and Ireland. Racing Post's product portfolio includes a daily newspaper and two weekly titles; websites including RACINGPOST.com, The Betting Site and Soccerbase and the No. 1 Horseracing iPhone App in the App store. </s>" <s> The countdown to the millionth bet on the Racing Post App has reached its final stage – with the Racing Post and their betting partners William Hill both expecting the milestone bet to be placed on Saturday – and to celebrate this momentous occasion William Hill are going to give the millionth bettor a £1,000 free bet. [UKPRwire, Sun Jun 19 2011] William Hill and the Racing Post created the ground breaking iPhone app in December 2010. The Racing Post application, which is the most popular horse racing app in the App Store, boasts seamless betting directly from Britain’s biggest bookmaker William Hill. In short, it means you can browse Racing Post’s renowned news, tips and data, make an informed decision about which horse to back in a race and then place a bet simply by tapping the William Hill odds on the racecard. The race can then be followed with the Live Reporter function and via William Hill radio. It adds up to a completely unique product in the mobile betting market. ‘Our ambition to revolutionise the betting landscape with the ability to bet in the know – anywhere - has actually been realised,’ said Mark Renshaw, Head of Online at Racing Post. William Hill is one of the world’s leading bookmakers and one of the most recognised and trusted brands in the gambling industry, providing gaming and betting services across multiple channels: online, on the high street, on the phone and on the move. William Hill PLC is listed on the London Stock Exchange (WMH.L) and operates over 2,300 betting shops in Ireland and Britain. The William Hill Group employs over 16,900 people worldwide and reported a net revenues of around €1.2 bn in 2010. Established in 1986, Racing Post is the market-leading publisher of racing and sports betting information in Britain and Ireland. Racing Post's product portfolio includes a daily newspaper and two weekly titles; websites including RACINGPOST.com, The Betting Site and Soccerbase and the No. 1 Horseracing iPhone App in the App store. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Dunkin' Donuts said Tuesday that is working to increase sales after the morning rush, a strategy that coffee chain Starbucks recently said is was also pursuing. CANTON, Mass. — Will Americans run to Dunkin' later in the day? The coffee and doughnut chain hopes so. The two companies see the afternoon hours as a way to boost sales. In the past, both have offered promotions in the later part of the day to bring more people in their doors. Dunkin' Brands executives said on a conference call that they'll give more details about their plans during the company's investor day event on Thursday. The owner of Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins reported better-than-expected results for the fourth quarter. It had net income of $195.5 million, or $2.13 per share. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were 64 cents per share, beating analyst expectations of 63 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. The Canton, Mass.-based company reported revenue of $227.1 million, above the $223 million analysts expected. For the year, the company earned $350.9 million, or $3.80 per share. Revenue was reported as $860.5 million. Shares of Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. slipped $1.18, or 1.9 percent, to $59.66 in trading Tuesday. Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on DNKN here. </s>" <s> Dunkin' Donuts said Tuesday that is working to increase sales after the morning rush, a strategy that coffee chain Starbucks recently said is was also pursuing. CANTON, Mass. — Will Americans run to Dunkin' later in the day? The coffee and doughnut chain hopes so. The two companies see the afternoon hours as a way to boost sales. In the past, both have offered promotions in the later part of the day to bring more people in their doors. Dunkin' Brands executives said on a conference call that they'll give more details about their plans during the company's investor day event on Thursday. The owner of Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins reported better-than-expected results for the fourth quarter. It had net income of $195.5 million, or $2.13 per share. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were 64 cents per share, beating analyst expectations of 63 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. The Canton, Mass.-based company reported revenue of $227.1 million, above the $223 million analysts expected. For the year, the company earned $350.9 million, or $3.80 per share. Revenue was reported as $860.5 million. Shares of Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. slipped $1.18, or 1.9 percent, to $59.66 in trading Tuesday. Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on DNKN here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> If you're looking to discover somewhere new, look no further than Tichonice. Whether you're planning to stay for a night or for the week, the area around Tichonice has accommodations to fit every need. Search for hotels in Tichonice with Hotels.com by checking our online map. Our map displays the areas and neighborhoods around all Tichonice hotels so you can see how close you are from landmarks and attractions, and then refine your search within the larger area. The best Tichonice hotel deals are here with our lowest price guarantee. </s>" <s> If you're looking to discover somewhere new, look no further than Tichonice. Whether you're planning to stay for a night or for the week, the area around Tichonice has accommodations to fit every need. Search for hotels in Tichonice with Hotels.com by checking our online map. Our map displays the areas and neighborhoods around all Tichonice hotels so you can see how close you are from landmarks and attractions, and then refine your search within the larger area. The best Tichonice hotel deals are here with our lowest price guarantee. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Once snow starts if you are a commercial or large residential property (six-plus units) owner, manager or renter you have 3 hours to remove snow from the sidewalks. If you are a residential property owner (less than 6 units), manager or renter you have 6 hours to remove snow from the sidewalks. Snow removal should cover a full paved width of the sidewalk or a minimum or 42"" wide. Failure to remove snow will result in a fine of $50 to $150 and, each day that a violation exists will be treated as a separate and distinct violation and will be subject to a fine per day. For more info visit: http://www.cityofboston.gov/snow/. </s>" <s> Once snow starts if you are a commercial or large residential property (six-plus units) owner, manager or renter you have 3 hours to remove snow from the sidewalks. If you are a residential property owner (less than 6 units), manager or renter you have 6 hours to remove snow from the sidewalks. Snow removal should cover a full paved width of the sidewalk or a minimum or "42""" wide. Failure to remove snow will result in a fine of $50 to $150 and, each day that a violation exists will be treated as a separate and distinct violation and will be subject to a fine per day. For more info visit: http://www.cityofboston.gov/snow/. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Waipa recently lifted their water restrictions and Hamilton, Tauwhare, Gordonton and Matangi residents remain at Water Alert Level 2. Although it was a hot, dry summer, Waikato residents effectively managed their water usage which meant the district only moved to Water Alert Level 1. Waikato District Council Waters Manager Karl Pavlovich is pleased to see water alerts lifted in the Waikato district. ""We thank our communities for their effort over the summer. It’s good to see that the community appreciates that water is a precious resource and are being responsible with water, especially in summer."" The Smart Water Starts with You! sub-regional summer campaign aims to make long-term change to how we use water and is a joint venture between Hamilton City Council, Waikato District Council and Waipa District Council. </s>" <s> Waipa recently lifted their water restrictions and Hamilton, Tauwhare, Gordonton and Matangi residents remain at Water Alert Level 2. Although it was a hot, dry summer, Waikato residents effectively managed their water usage which meant the district only moved to Water Alert Level 1. Waikato District Council Waters Manager Karl Pavlovich is pleased to see water alerts lifted in the Waikato district. """We" thank our communities for their effort over the summer. It’s good to see that the community appreciates that water is a precious resource and are being responsible with water, especially in "summer.""" The Smart Water Starts with You! sub-regional summer campaign aims to make long-term change to how we use water and is a joint venture between Hamilton City Council, Waikato District Council and Waipa District Council. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Due to extreme weather conditions and their detrimental effect on wine we will only be shipping outside of the West Coast in the Spring and Fall. We are happy to process your order and hold it until shipping is possible. Please feel free to email us at info@eveshamwood.com if you have any questions about this process. Given the restrictions on shipping wine, we are able to ship to the following states: Oregon, California, Idaho, Washington, Wisconsin, Texas, North Dakota, New Mexico, Nevada, Nebraska, Minnesota, Michigan, Louisiana, Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, Colorado, Arizona, West Virginia, Virginia, South Carolina, Ohio, North Carolina, New York, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Georgia, Florida, Connecticut, Alaska and Hawaii. Each state resides within a shipping region. Shipping prices are determined by that region and the number of bottles purchased. Evesham Wood will replace or credit any bottle that is clearly damaged or unsatisfactory. If the product is flawed/corked then please let us know as soon as possible – we will resolve the issue with your best interest in mind. Please e-mail us at info@eveshamwood.com and together we will discuss instructions for the return and replacement or credit of your order. Thank you for understanding. Please note that we are unable to accept a return of any product that was damaged or became unsatisfactory due to adverse weather conditions during shipment. Because wine is fragile, our shipping policy clearly states our reason for shipping at certain times of the year to specific destinations. </s>" <s> Due to extreme weather conditions and their detrimental effect on wine we will only be shipping outside of the West Coast in the Spring and Fall. We are happy to process your order and hold it until shipping is possible. Please feel free to email us at info@eveshamwood.com if you have any questions about this process. Given the restrictions on shipping wine, we are able to ship to the following states: Oregon, California, Idaho, Washington, Wisconsin, Texas, North Dakota, New Mexico, Nevada, Nebraska, Minnesota, Michigan, Louisiana, Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, Colorado, Arizona, West Virginia, Virginia, South Carolina, Ohio, North Carolina, New York, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Georgia, Florida, Connecticut, Alaska and Hawaii. Each state resides within a shipping region. Shipping prices are determined by that region and the number of bottles purchased. Evesham Wood will replace or credit any bottle that is clearly damaged or unsatisfactory. If the product is flawed/corked then please let us know as soon as possible – we will resolve the issue with your best interest in mind. Please e-mail us at info@eveshamwood.com and together we will discuss instructions for the return and replacement or credit of your order. Thank you for understanding. Please note that we are unable to accept a return of any product that was damaged or became unsatisfactory due to adverse weather conditions during shipment. Because wine is fragile, our shipping policy clearly states our reason for shipping at certain times of the year to specific destinations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> The Swiss needed a DMR (designated marksman rifle) so they looked towards the K31 as a basis. After much modification they came up with the ZFK55 rifle chambered in 7.5 Swiss (GP11). We take one of these rare ZFK55’s to the range and do some shooting thanks to Edelweiss Arms. Freedom Munitions Discount (I get no kick-backs): “MAC” for 6% off site wide! RANGE DAY: Custom ACE rifle, KH9, and more! Can 9mm defeat IIIA body armor? </s>" <s> The Swiss needed a DMR (designated marksman rifle) so they looked towards the K31 as a basis. After much modification they came up with the ZFK55 rifle chambered in 7.5 Swiss (GP11). We take one of these rare ZFK55’s to the range and do some shooting thanks to Edelweiss Arms. Freedom Munitions Discount (I get no kick-backs): “MAC” for 6% off site wide! RANGE DAY: Custom ACE rifle, KH9, and more! Can 9mm defeat IIIA body armor? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> When switching from realtime to baked global illumination it seems that enviorment lighting is ignored and is not baked into the lightmap. To reproduce simply go to 'Lighting'->'Enviorment'->'Enviorment Lighting' and set the source to 'Color' and set the ambient color to pure white. Make sure that baked global illumination is disabled. The result should be a bright and somewhat flat scene which still gets color from the light sources. However, as soon as you enable baked global illumination and bake the lights, the scene gets dark as if the ambient color was completely ignored. Is there any way to bake lighting with the ambient color so the final result is the same as in realtime mode? YES PLEASE! same Problem here! Can we please see an answer? </s>" <s> When switching from realtime to baked global illumination it seems that enviorment lighting is ignored and is not baked into the lightmap. To reproduce simply go to 'Lighting'->'Enviorment'->'Enviorment Lighting' and set the source to 'Color' and set the ambient color to pure white. Make sure that baked global illumination is disabled. The result should be a bright and somewhat flat scene which still gets color from the light sources. However, as soon as you enable baked global illumination and bake the lights, the scene gets dark as if the ambient color was completely ignored. Is there any way to bake lighting with the ambient color so the final result is the same as in realtime mode? YES PLEASE! same Problem here! Can we please see an answer? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> At DumpsterWay, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in Monroeton, PA, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs. Dumpster rentals present companies, that require waste materials disposal methods to suit their particular different wants, a solution to handle their squanders without running into costs linked to getting a waste materials disposal merchandise built as well as buying the removal item altogether. It is also much easier for companies to get waste removal units fitted to their requirements by using a rental company than if they were to buy a waste materials disposal system themselves. Rental businesses offer distinct disposal items types suitable for different removal requirements. Storage area of the removal unit is not really a cause pertaining to worry to help companies, that require dumpsters abbreviated durations of your time. Renting a removal container ensures that the container has to be delivered at the end of this renting duration for that reason solving this container storage problem. You can save yourself enough time and energy regarding hauling junk over the future couple of weeks outside to wait for that community junk pickup by simply calling for some sort of dumpster today. You can have a following day dumpster arrival by means of calling the evening before as well as by ordering on-line. You can get gone your junk as soon as possible as an alternative to waiting for town trash pick up and you can save time and energy by means of avoiding the necessity to separate recyclables and break down the trash into bags. There are many belongings you may discard into the booked dumpster. You can use the bigger dumpster to get rid of ungainly bed a mattress. A hotel which is revamping and getting gone a lot of a mattress will benefit from a single or more substantial dumpsters. With the easier moving this dumpster due to the added wheels at the bottom in the dumpster is definitely something want to make confident you have. Most of us surround our-self with a lot of unintentional muddle. Over the years, this particular adds up to build a huge mess in our homes and in our way of life. If one within your new years resolutions is usually to clean this clutter out of your life, here are a couple tips to help you start. To choose the correct sized container for your needs, you simply must determine the dimensions of the job. Most of the people tend to overestimate their requirements and, during this case, it could be a smart move to make. You do not want to begin to pay any more than necessary, but the impose a fee would get for overfilling the container would probably be considerably more than it could cost to help rent a larger container. Do you own a modern day home that was built in this eighties? If that's the case, you may be thinking it's update your modern day home. All things considered, since the eighties ""modern"" has come a long approach. A Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA The city of jacksonville is very important as it is considered essential when it comes to big renovation initiatives that require dumpsters to help pile up and collect squanders, thus avoiding them by piling up and making surrounding look relatively unpleasant. Fundamentally, renting these king size garbage pots will keep this cleaning and dumping process a lot easier and faster. If you undertake want a garbage obstacle when it comes to getting the career accomplished, renting some sort of dumpster is all you will need. Fourth, once you get your dumpster, be sure that the materials you're throwing away are generally approved by the municipality you live within. You can't discard flammable as well as hazardous products or auto tires and kitchen appliances in your dumpster. You may get hit with a fine when you put illegitimate materials inside your dumpster. So, learn what the rules are generally about what it is possible to and cannot throw away before starting assembling your shed. In addition to attempting to gauge send out level of program, another good indication is what form of experience the business has. You may simply end up buying the free living space if you employ a roll away dumpster when your trash disposal is rather less. Consult the Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton firms if they rent trash dumpster that are small in size in contrast to roll away dumpsters. These trash dumpsters usually range between 2 yard to 8 property. A company having fantastic customer service will help you to choose what size dumpster you'll need to rent. You should have the selection of small, method or large. The small dumpster is wonderful for small house remodeling assignments such as your rest room. The method dumpster is good for just one layer connected with replacing roofing or home remodeling. The larger dumpster is for major home remodeling projects and will fit way up to ten vehicle loads as well as four a great deal of debris. If you are reducing, keep in mind to reuse and also recycle. Precious metals like copper mineral can be sold at save yourself shops if you scrap available. Old empty cans can be employed to store fingernails or toenails or fasteners. You could also try advertising old exercise equipment you no longer experience the internet (as well as give it to a pal). Or, if you way more than the occasional object that you not want as well as need, benefit from the newfound living space to have a garage sale. If you're on the go to get rid of every thing, though, be at liberty to put it inside your rented dumpster. A lot of Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton companies may go the extra mile to decrease their ecological impact simply by going through the dumpster's subject matter to find recycleable and recyclable materials they can either recycle for cash or donate to charity. Taking a Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton does not require virtually any big tactical plans such as case of the big organization issues. You just need to book some sort of dumpster specifying the time scale of Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton. To publication a dumpster, you'll need to place an order having Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton service provider. A previous intimation of 24 hours will help this Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton service provider to location a right measurement dumpster at your front door step. In business that is reliant so to a great extent on repeat customers and also overall reputation, you want a Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton business that has endured the long haul and also survived: in a nutshell, an established and also experienced business. Many of the Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton organizations you may find might end up becoming untrustworthy pop up rental companies that exist for 1 or 2 years, fall under a weak reputation, and after that pop up somewhere else under a various name, attempting to pull exactly the same tricks. Any well-established company can have none these issues and you will be able to confirm worthy of their particular reputation. Being an added safety measure, feel free to verify reviews for every company you take into account and ask for referrals if you like. Excellent reviews and also good referrals will be a simple determiner of a actually excellent business. There are many occasions where you will need the help of waste in your home work a few of works that require help of expert dumpster services include things like house destruction, remodeling a part of your home, washing space for your kids books retailer, cutting grass, packing your home hold stuff in order to make moving to different spot from your home, stealing your walls of your kitchen or bath room. A professional Dumpster rental service agency will guide you the best way so as to pick the right dumpster that best fits with your needs. You may have two possibilities when it comes to pickup. If you aren't completed with the task ahead of time, but the dumpster with regard to rent is full, you want to call up and ask that they can come to pick it up and change it with one more. This way, there isn't a reason to prevent the work. Just keep functioning and keep slinging things out and about. If you are without doubt the job is complete, you can call up to have it taken out for good. Dumpers can be purchased with different payload volumes and disposal heights. You'll be able to choose dumpers in accordance with the direction involving loading along with unloading. You can go with a dumper with front side, side or perhaps back packing. Dumpster rental for remodelling is an easy along with affordable strategy to take care of your complete dumping requirements. Your online Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA will be helpful you inside size, form and construction of the best dumpster for ones project to help make your remodelling as smooth as possible. Perhaps the container is taking place the street or your property, the18 wheeler dropping off of and getting your hands on the pot needs place to maneuver therefore be sure to decide on a spot for your dumpster that is simple to get to to suit your needs and for the supply truck. This resolution used should based on necessary activities such as lower the production of throw away, promote utilizing recyclable goods, recycle your generated waste in eco-friendly fashion. The first a pair of tasks are with you. What about the next task, recycle the trash with eco-friendly manner? Mounting up trash occasionally becomes predictable; projects for example house remodelling, construction, along with green yard clean up along with industrial initiatives are sure to make huge a ton of trash which should be disposed promptly. This normally will have bad impact on the surroundings. The wise and simplest way to get out of each one of these troubles should be to rent a dumpster through professional Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA service agency who addresses the entire job on your behalf. They help you in obtaining the right sized dumpster and they will put it at the claimed location back then specified by you actually. The dumpsters provided by these Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA businesses will be marked with the a ton of waste that can be handled so as to notify the user ahead with regards to the tons of throw away that has to be left into the dumpster. This particular precaution will probably eradicate the possibilities of miscarriage along with overload. Weight Limit: Every single dumpster comes with a excess weight limit so that you can place your throwaways to a restriction only. The Weight limit involving dumpsters can range in between 2 to 12 a lot. The dumpsters usually are weighted of course, if weight can be found above the allowed limit compared to you have to pay extra income. So it is really necessary to acquire information about your dumpster weight restriction. </s>" <s> At DumpsterWay, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in Monroeton, PA, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs. Dumpster rentals present companies, that require waste materials disposal methods to suit their particular different wants, a solution to handle their squanders without running into costs linked to getting a waste materials disposal merchandise built as well as buying the removal item altogether. It is also much easier for companies to get waste removal units fitted to their requirements by using a rental company than if they were to buy a waste materials disposal system themselves. Rental businesses offer distinct disposal items types suitable for different removal requirements. Storage area of the removal unit is not really a cause pertaining to worry to help companies, that require dumpsters abbreviated durations of your time. Renting a removal container ensures that the container has to be delivered at the end of this renting duration for that reason solving this container storage problem. You can save yourself enough time and energy regarding hauling junk over the future couple of weeks outside to wait for that community junk pickup by simply calling for some sort of dumpster today. You can have a following day dumpster arrival by means of calling the evening before as well as by ordering on-line. You can get gone your junk as soon as possible as an alternative to waiting for town trash pick up and you can save time and energy by means of avoiding the necessity to separate recyclables and break down the trash into bags. There are many belongings you may discard into the booked dumpster. You can use the bigger dumpster to get rid of ungainly bed a mattress. A hotel which is revamping and getting gone a lot of a mattress will benefit from a single or more substantial dumpsters. With the easier moving this dumpster due to the added wheels at the bottom in the dumpster is definitely something want to make confident you have. Most of us surround our-self with a lot of unintentional muddle. Over the years, this particular adds up to build a huge mess in our homes and in our way of life. If one within your new years resolutions is usually to clean this clutter out of your life, here are a couple tips to help you start. To choose the correct sized container for your needs, you simply must determine the dimensions of the job. Most of the people tend to overestimate their requirements and, during this case, it could be a smart move to make. You do not want to begin to pay any more than necessary, but the impose a fee would get for overfilling the container would probably be considerably more than it could cost to help rent a larger container. Do you own a modern day home that was built in this eighties? If that's the case, you may be thinking it's update your modern day home. All things considered, since the eighties """modern""" has come a long approach. A Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA The city of jacksonville is very important as it is considered essential when it comes to big renovation initiatives that require dumpsters to help pile up and collect squanders, thus avoiding them by piling up and making surrounding look relatively unpleasant. Fundamentally, renting these king size garbage pots will keep this cleaning and dumping process a lot easier and faster. If you undertake want a garbage obstacle when it comes to getting the career accomplished, renting some sort of dumpster is all you will need. Fourth, once you get your dumpster, be sure that the materials you're throwing away are generally approved by the municipality you live within. You can't discard flammable as well as hazardous products or auto tires and kitchen appliances in your dumpster. You may get hit with a fine when you put illegitimate materials inside your dumpster. So, learn what the rules are generally about what it is possible to and cannot throw away before starting assembling your shed. In addition to attempting to gauge send out level of program, another good indication is what form of experience the business has. You may simply end up buying the free living space if you employ a roll away dumpster when your trash disposal is rather less. Consult the Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton firms if they rent trash dumpster that are small in size in contrast to roll away dumpsters. These trash dumpsters usually range between 2 yard to 8 property. A company having fantastic customer service will help you to choose what size dumpster you'll need to rent. You should have the selection of small, method or large. The small dumpster is wonderful for small house remodeling assignments such as your rest room. The method dumpster is good for just one layer connected with replacing roofing or home remodeling. The larger dumpster is for major home remodeling projects and will fit way up to ten vehicle loads as well as four a great deal of debris. If you are reducing, keep in mind to reuse and also recycle. Precious metals like copper mineral can be sold at save yourself shops if you scrap available. Old empty cans can be employed to store fingernails or toenails or fasteners. You could also try advertising old exercise equipment you no longer experience the internet (as well as give it to a pal). Or, if you way more than the occasional object that you not want as well as need, benefit from the newfound living space to have a garage sale. If you're on the go to get rid of every thing, though, be at liberty to put it inside your rented dumpster. A lot of Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton companies may go the extra mile to decrease their ecological impact simply by going through the dumpster's subject matter to find recycleable and recyclable materials they can either recycle for cash or donate to charity. Taking a Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton does not require virtually any big tactical plans such as case of the big organization issues. You just need to book some sort of dumpster specifying the time scale of Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton. To publication a dumpster, you'll need to place an order having Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton service provider. A previous intimation of 24 hours will help this Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton service provider to location a right measurement dumpster at your front door step. In business that is reliant so to a great extent on repeat customers and also overall reputation, you want a Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton business that has endured the long haul and also survived: in a nutshell, an established and also experienced business. Many of the Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton organizations you may find might end up becoming untrustworthy pop up rental companies that exist for 1 or 2 years, fall under a weak reputation, and after that pop up somewhere else under a various name, attempting to pull exactly the same tricks. Any well-established company can have none these issues and you will be able to confirm worthy of their particular reputation. Being an added safety measure, feel free to verify reviews for every company you take into account and ask for referrals if you like. Excellent reviews and also good referrals will be a simple determiner of a actually excellent business. There are many occasions where you will need the help of waste in your home work a few of works that require help of expert dumpster services include things like house destruction, remodeling a part of your home, washing space for your kids books retailer, cutting grass, packing your home hold stuff in order to make moving to different spot from your home, stealing your walls of your kitchen or bath room. A professional Dumpster rental service agency will guide you the best way so as to pick the right dumpster that best fits with your needs. You may have two possibilities when it comes to pickup. If you aren't completed with the task ahead of time, but the dumpster with regard to rent is full, you want to call up and ask that they can come to pick it up and change it with one more. This way, there isn't a reason to prevent the work. Just keep functioning and keep slinging things out and about. If you are without doubt the job is complete, you can call up to have it taken out for good. Dumpers can be purchased with different payload volumes and disposal heights. You'll be able to choose dumpers in accordance with the direction involving loading along with unloading. You can go with a dumper with front side, side or perhaps back packing. Dumpster rental for remodelling is an easy along with affordable strategy to take care of your complete dumping requirements. Your online Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA will be helpful you inside size, form and construction of the best dumpster for ones project to help make your remodelling as smooth as possible. Perhaps the container is taking place the street or your property, the18 wheeler dropping off of and getting your hands on the pot needs place to maneuver therefore be sure to decide on a spot for your dumpster that is simple to get to to suit your needs and for the supply truck. This resolution used should based on necessary activities such as lower the production of throw away, promote utilizing recyclable goods, recycle your generated waste in eco-friendly fashion. The first a pair of tasks are with you. What about the next task, recycle the trash with eco-friendly manner? Mounting up trash occasionally becomes predictable; projects for example house remodelling, construction, along with green yard clean up along with industrial initiatives are sure to make huge a ton of trash which should be disposed promptly. This normally will have bad impact on the surroundings. The wise and simplest way to get out of each one of these troubles should be to rent a dumpster through professional Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA service agency who addresses the entire job on your behalf. They help you in obtaining the right sized dumpster and they will put it at the claimed location back then specified by you actually. The dumpsters provided by these Garbage Dumpster for Rent in Monroeton, PA businesses will be marked with the a ton of waste that can be handled so as to notify the user ahead with regards to the tons of throw away that has to be left into the dumpster. This particular precaution will probably eradicate the possibilities of miscarriage along with overload. Weight Limit: Every single dumpster comes with a excess weight limit so that you can place your throwaways to a restriction only. The Weight limit involving dumpsters can range in between 2 to 12 a lot. The dumpsters usually are weighted of course, if weight can be found above the allowed limit compared to you have to pay extra income. So it is really necessary to acquire information about your dumpster weight restriction. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> > work with TUG TL, so I tend to recommend that one over the Ubuntu one. I understand your point. But I know from past experience that if I go off-package then I will start being confused by the need to --force install packages that require texlive (such as AUCTeX), and other hair-pulling issues. So there is a tradeoff involved. It gives the same error. I've included the output below. I should have sent the above originally as a minimal example. Sorry. mktexpk: don't know how to create bitmap font for ul9r8r. </s>" <s> > work with TUG TL, so I tend to recommend that one over the Ubuntu one. I understand your point. But I know from past experience that if I go off-package then I will start being confused by the need to --force install packages that require texlive (such as AUCTeX), and other hair-pulling issues. So there is a tradeoff involved. It gives the same error. I've included the output below. I should have sent the above originally as a minimal example. Sorry. mktexpk: don't know how to create bitmap font for ul9r8r. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> What a surprise. The culture secretary Maria Miller defrauded the taxpayer by dishonestly claiming expenses on a second home her parents live in. Had she been a benefit fraudster, she’d have been jailed. But she’s a cabinet minister, so she’ll be deciding on press regulation instead. Five years after the Daily Telegraph exposed the industrial scale on which MPs were defrauding us by false expense claims, politicians are as shameless as ever. Back to Maria Miller. David Cameron has proved as false as Tony Blair in promising to clean up politics. This shameless politician asked the press to drop the matter today. Miller threatened the parliamentary watchdog in a bid to force the commissioner to drop action against her. And her adviser threatened the Telegraph. These people simply don’t care. They have contempt for the taxpayers who are forced to pay to keep the gravy train on the rails. Politicians’ promises are empty words, given cheaply unlike their expense claims. PS: the Telegraph tonight published the chilling threatening call from Miller’s adviser. The adviser for the minister deciding press freedom. The election of Argentina’s Jorge Mario Bergoglio as Pope Francis has been seen by many as good news, as the world’s largest church chooses a non European leader for the first time in a millennium. But Bergoglio’s election has been met with misgivings in the Falkland Islands, as the new pope has supported Argentina’s claim to their homeland. It’s not the first time the papacy has been entwined in the Falklands controversy. Back in 1982, Pope John Paul II’s impending visit to Britain coincided with Argentina’s invasion of the islands. As a result, the pope was forced to pay a ‘balancing’ visit to Argentina. PS: read my post on the Falklands War, 30 years on. </s>" <s> What a surprise. The culture secretary Maria Miller defrauded the taxpayer by dishonestly claiming expenses on a second home her parents live in. Had she been a benefit fraudster, she’d have been jailed. But she’s a cabinet minister, so she’ll be deciding on press regulation instead. Five years after the Daily Telegraph exposed the industrial scale on which MPs were defrauding us by false expense claims, politicians are as shameless as ever. Back to Maria Miller. David Cameron has proved as false as Tony Blair in promising to clean up politics. This shameless politician asked the press to drop the matter today. Miller threatened the parliamentary watchdog in a bid to force the commissioner to drop action against her. And her adviser threatened the Telegraph. These people simply don’t care. They have contempt for the taxpayers who are forced to pay to keep the gravy train on the rails. Politicians’ promises are empty words, given cheaply unlike their expense claims. PS: the Telegraph tonight published the chilling threatening call from Miller’s adviser. The adviser for the minister deciding press freedom. The election of Argentina’s Jorge Mario Bergoglio as Pope Francis has been seen by many as good news, as the world’s largest church chooses a non European leader for the first time in a millennium. But Bergoglio’s election has been met with misgivings in the Falkland Islands, as the new pope has supported Argentina’s claim to their homeland. It’s not the first time the papacy has been entwined in the Falklands controversy. Back in 1982, Pope John Paul II’s impending visit to Britain coincided with Argentina’s invasion of the islands. As a result, the pope was forced to pay a ‘balancing’ visit to Argentina. PS: read my post on the Falklands War, 30 years on. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> We are now carrying reversible dog snoods. One side is a solid color fleece and the other side is a paw print flannel in black and white. This snood can be used over the ears for maximum coverage from wind and cold or can be folded over to be used as a neck warmer. Either way your pup will look stylish and keep warm. The added drawstring and toggle creates a comfortable closure over your pups ears and face and can be adjusted. Comes with an opening to attach leash when going for walks. Please note: When measuring your pet for a snood, always add 4"" to the neck measurement for a comfortable fit. For example, if your dog's neck measures 12"" you would need to purchase a snood that is 16"" in circumference. If you do not see your size, I can customize it for you. Available colors: Charcoal grey, Pink, Black, Red, Dark Green, Purple, Brown, Navy Blue, and orange. Please choose color from the drop down menu. </s>" <s> We are now carrying reversible dog snoods. One side is a solid color fleece and the other side is a paw print flannel in black and white. This snood can be used over the ears for maximum coverage from wind and cold or can be folded over to be used as a neck warmer. Either way your pup will look stylish and keep warm. The added drawstring and toggle creates a comfortable closure over your pups ears and face and can be adjusted. Comes with an opening to attach leash when going for walks. Please note: When measuring your pet for a snood, always add "4""" to the neck measurement for a comfortable fit. For example, if your dog's neck measures "12""" you would need to purchase a snood that is "16""" in circumference. If you do not see your size, I can customize it for you. Available colors: Charcoal grey, Pink, Black, Red, Dark Green, Purple, Brown, Navy Blue, and orange. Please choose color from the drop down menu. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Peritonsillar abscesses form around the tonsils. They usually occur as a complication of tonsillitis and are often caused by the same bacteria. Learn about the causes, symptoms, and treatments of peritonsillar abscesses here. </s>" <s> Peritonsillar abscesses form around the tonsils. They usually occur as a complication of tonsillitis and are often caused by the same bacteria. Learn about the causes, symptoms, and treatments of peritonsillar abscesses here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Tonight's attempt at burger Xanadu was 96,66 % successful. I can safely say that the burgers pictured in this post were the best I ever made. They consisted of two slices of melted cheddar cheese, fried bacon, one slice of Buffalo Mozzarella, onion, pickles, one slice of tomato, mayonnaise, two beef and pork patties and either Harissa (a.k.a. the traveling condiment) or Jalapeño mustard. In my mythical quest of the perfect burger, I believe that I have, so far, managed to elevate my soul and my sauces to new heights. Tonight, I was blessed with a glimpse of the divine and through the fulfillness of my taste buds I was ascended, if only for a fraction of a second, to an alternate plane of existence where the complete knowledge of the universe seemed to be at grasp. Back on earth, my beliefs are now shaken and I'm thinking there must be a God or at least a Burger God. Note: Forgive the blurry pictures but it seems that such beauty induced tremors in my earthling hands. You do realize you are disrupting the American economy by going through the homemade burgers route ? </s>" <s> Tonight's attempt at burger Xanadu was 96,66 % successful. I can safely say that the burgers pictured in this post were the best I ever made. They consisted of two slices of melted cheddar cheese, fried bacon, one slice of Buffalo Mozzarella, onion, pickles, one slice of tomato, mayonnaise, two beef and pork patties and either Harissa (a.k.a. the traveling condiment) or Jalapeño mustard. In my mythical quest of the perfect burger, I believe that I have, so far, managed to elevate my soul and my sauces to new heights. Tonight, I was blessed with a glimpse of the divine and through the fulfillness of my taste buds I was ascended, if only for a fraction of a second, to an alternate plane of existence where the complete knowledge of the universe seemed to be at grasp. Back on earth, my beliefs are now shaken and I'm thinking there must be a God or at least a Burger God. Note: Forgive the blurry pictures but it seems that such beauty induced tremors in my earthling hands. You do realize you are disrupting the American economy by going through the homemade burgers route ? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Spadina Avenue University Bay. Maintained by Capital of Toronto City of Pickering. Sheppard Avenue continues still further west en route for Weston Road and ends there anticipate to the wide valley at the confluence of the two branches of the Humber Riverpreventing it from progress further west. But, the street originally continued straight east into the Rouge valley, but so as to section was renamed Twyn Rivers Ambition after the connection to Port Accord Rd. Sheppard Avenue continues still add west to Weston Road and ends there due to the wide basin at the confluence of the two branches of the Humber River , preventing it from continuing further west. The section of the street completely in Toronto is There are 3 alerts currently affecting TTC advantage. Kingston Rd at Ravine Dr Affable. Victoria Park Station Accessible. </s>" <s> Spadina Avenue University Bay. Maintained by Capital of Toronto City of Pickering. Sheppard Avenue continues still further west en route for Weston Road and ends there anticipate to the wide valley at the confluence of the two branches of the Humber Riverpreventing it from progress further west. But, the street originally continued straight east into the Rouge valley, but so as to section was renamed Twyn Rivers Ambition after the connection to Port Accord Rd. Sheppard Avenue continues still add west to Weston Road and ends there due to the wide basin at the confluence of the two branches of the Humber River , preventing it from continuing further west. The section of the street completely in Toronto is There are 3 alerts currently affecting TTC advantage. Kingston Rd at Ravine Dr Affable. Victoria Park Station Accessible. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Greetings once again loyal listeners and welcome once again to your vertical slice of gaming goodness and geek culture. on the second part of week’s installment of Fragments of Silicon, which will take place live this Wednesday at 9:30 PM ET, we shall be welcoming after over a year since his last showing on the program, the CEO of Nightdive Studios and good friend of the show, Stephen Kick back onto the broadcast. Indeed we shall be focusing in on the System Shock remake which hit some troubled water a few months back but has managed to get the shop righted and is back in production as well as get updates on the Turok games as well as whatever classic games of your that they have picked up in recent times. Be sure to tune into the program live on Twitch TV for the live video broadcast, this Wednesday at 9:30 PM ET/6:30 PM PT or if you miss the show be sure to watch it on the Twitch TV or Youtube locations or download the audio podcast version from Talkshoe, iTunes or the PodcastAddict App for Android. Also be sure to join our Steam Group and our Discord chat linked below. © 2010-2019 | Moonhawk Studios Presents Homepage Powered by WordPress with ComicPress | Subscribe: RSS Feed | Back to Top ↑ 51 queries. 0.693 seconds. </s>" <s> Greetings once again loyal listeners and welcome once again to your vertical slice of gaming goodness and geek culture. on the second part of week’s installment of Fragments of Silicon, which will take place live this Wednesday at 9:30 PM ET, we shall be welcoming after over a year since his last showing on the program, the CEO of Nightdive Studios and good friend of the show, Stephen Kick back onto the broadcast. Indeed we shall be focusing in on the System Shock remake which hit some troubled water a few months back but has managed to get the shop righted and is back in production as well as get updates on the Turok games as well as whatever classic games of your that they have picked up in recent times. Be sure to tune into the program live on Twitch TV for the live video broadcast, this Wednesday at 9:30 PM ET/6:30 PM PT or if you miss the show be sure to watch it on the Twitch TV or Youtube locations or download the audio podcast version from Talkshoe, iTunes or the PodcastAddict App for Android. Also be sure to join our Steam Group and our Discord chat linked below. © 2010-2019 | Moonhawk Studios Presents Homepage Powered by WordPress with ComicPress | Subscribe: RSS Feed | Back to Top ↑ 51 queries. 0.693 seconds. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Yes that's correct! We have decided to offer FREE WORLDWIDE shipping on every item we sell, for evermore!! Start your Lingerie & Swimwear shopping here.. </s>" <s> Yes that's correct! We have decided to offer FREE WORLDWIDE shipping on every item we sell, for evermore!! Start your Lingerie & Swimwear shopping here.. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> at the place where they are relevant to you? You want to build your own information system and reach your customers and guests directly on their smartphone with your content? and services at the right place and time. Various (radio) technologies can be used for this purpose. - whether private person or manager of a large corporation. Bring it to the point with blukii Info. </s>" <s> at the place where they are relevant to you? You want to build your own information system and reach your customers and guests directly on their smartphone with your content? and services at the right place and time. Various (radio) technologies can be used for this purpose. - whether private person or manager of a large corporation. Bring it to the point with blukii Info. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Why am I on a Section 41? A Section 41 is also called a “restriction order” and operates like a community section. You were originally on a Section 37/41 and have been discharged from Section 37 by a Mental Health Tribunal or the Ministry of Justice. This means that you can live in the community with a number of conditions imposed on you. This is known as a “conditional discharge”. The restriction order may last for a fixed period of time or it may be indefinite. The powers in Section 41 are flexible but may include that you live at a specified place and accept treatment for your mental illness. However, treatment can only be given with your consent. You could also be required to keep appointments with your supervisor who will usually be an approved mental health professional (AMHP) or probation officer and also with your responsible clinician. If you fail to comply with the conditions the Ministry of Justice will be informed and you could be recalled to hospital. The original Section 37/41 would then be reinstated. There are two ways for the conditional discharge to end either by the Ministry of Justice or a Mental Health Tribunal granting an absolute discharge. No. However, you may be required to take medication as part of the conditions of your conditional discharge. You can appeal to the Mental Health Tribunal, once in the first 12 to 24 months after the conditional discharge and then once in every two year period after that. </s>" <s> Why am I on a Section 41? A Section 41 is also called a “restriction order” and operates like a community section. You were originally on a Section 37/41 and have been discharged from Section 37 by a Mental Health Tribunal or the Ministry of Justice. This means that you can live in the community with a number of conditions imposed on you. This is known as a “conditional discharge”. The restriction order may last for a fixed period of time or it may be indefinite. The powers in Section 41 are flexible but may include that you live at a specified place and accept treatment for your mental illness. However, treatment can only be given with your consent. You could also be required to keep appointments with your supervisor who will usually be an approved mental health professional (AMHP) or probation officer and also with your responsible clinician. If you fail to comply with the conditions the Ministry of Justice will be informed and you could be recalled to hospital. The original Section 37/41 would then be reinstated. There are two ways for the conditional discharge to end either by the Ministry of Justice or a Mental Health Tribunal granting an absolute discharge. No. However, you may be required to take medication as part of the conditions of your conditional discharge. You can appeal to the Mental Health Tribunal, once in the first 12 to 24 months after the conditional discharge and then once in every two year period after that. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> This mid century brass and black twelve light chandelier is reminiscent of the designs created by the Italian lighting firm Stilnovo circa 1950. Notable for the mixture of black and brass details with twelve long arms of brass ending in the original white plastic candle cup to enclose a chandelier bulb. The powerful angles seen in this Stilnovo fixture predate a number of more famous designs. The chandelier descends from a centeral brass shaft and has the original fluted canopy along with extra chain for hanging in a high ceilinged interior. </s>" <s> This mid century brass and black twelve light chandelier is reminiscent of the designs created by the Italian lighting firm Stilnovo circa 1950. Notable for the mixture of black and brass details with twelve long arms of brass ending in the original white plastic candle cup to enclose a chandelier bulb. The powerful angles seen in this Stilnovo fixture predate a number of more famous designs. The chandelier descends from a centeral brass shaft and has the original fluted canopy along with extra chain for hanging in a high ceilinged interior. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> go here Our courses will officially open after approval of the Wisconsin Educational Approval Board, probably in Summer of 2018. https://kokskladkupit.com/mapsite25.html The deep approach is about mindset and embodied action. It is about persons, humans, in the dynamics of living. It is something people want to live and work for. It is never fully achieved, it is always in the making, and depends upon situations. </s>" <s> go here Our courses will officially open after approval of the Wisconsin Educational Approval Board, probably in Summer of 2018. https://kokskladkupit.com/mapsite25.html The deep approach is about mindset and embodied action. It is about persons, humans, in the dynamics of living. It is something people want to live and work for. It is never fully achieved, it is always in the making, and depends upon situations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Our 470 Series Hospitality TVs feature Direct-Lit LED to affordably provide a premium at-home, in-room experience. LED uses up to 50% less energy, helping you conserve and save money. Content management is made simple with Samsung LYNK REACH® 3.1, while our LYNK DRM technology protects content. Product Size (W x H x D) With Stand 29.07"" x 19.59"" x 7.55"" </s>" <s> Our 470 Series Hospitality TVs feature Direct-Lit LED to affordably provide a premium at-home, in-room experience. LED uses up to 50% less energy, helping you conserve and save money. Content management is made simple with Samsung LYNK REACH® 3.1, while our LYNK DRM technology protects content. Product Size (W x H x D) With Stand "29.07""" x "19.59""" x "7.55""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Good smells for the home is something us sisters love and that is why we offer a variety of scented products such as oils and incenses. (Simply click on the images to shop). Recently we got a new brand from Sweden called Victorian Candles. This is in fact arriving from Sweden but it seems they were very influenced in France and around Europe when developing their scents. VICTORIAN CANDLES – The long trip! The story about Victorian Candles began in France in the heart of Europe where fashion, food and drink prevails. On our long journey around France we tried many things and were fascinated of all things different and new. We experienced adventurous taxi rides around Paris, walked the highest mountains in the Alps, sailed dangerously close to the redoubtable rocks of the coast of the Atlantic and spent time with the rich and famous at the French Riviera! All these experiences lead to our capture of what we now call VICTORIAN CANDLES BOUGIE PARFUMÉE, a unique variety of scented candles in beautiful Victorian style packaging. VICTORIAN CANDLES are the perfect gift for a loved one or simply a high quality product to be enjoyed by yourself in peace and quiet. Tagged home scent, incence, love this, oils, scented candles, victorian candles. </s>" <s> Good smells for the home is something us sisters love and that is why we offer a variety of scented products such as oils and incenses. (Simply click on the images to shop). Recently we got a new brand from Sweden called Victorian Candles. This is in fact arriving from Sweden but it seems they were very influenced in France and around Europe when developing their scents. VICTORIAN CANDLES – The long trip! The story about Victorian Candles began in France in the heart of Europe where fashion, food and drink prevails. On our long journey around France we tried many things and were fascinated of all things different and new. We experienced adventurous taxi rides around Paris, walked the highest mountains in the Alps, sailed dangerously close to the redoubtable rocks of the coast of the Atlantic and spent time with the rich and famous at the French Riviera! All these experiences lead to our capture of what we now call VICTORIAN CANDLES BOUGIE PARFUMÉE, a unique variety of scented candles in beautiful Victorian style packaging. VICTORIAN CANDLES are the perfect gift for a loved one or simply a high quality product to be enjoyed by yourself in peace and quiet. Tagged home scent, incence, love this, oils, scented candles, victorian candles. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> This is a simple Z80 computer. It's being worked on so the specs will hopefully get better and the OS will improve. I'd chiefly like to run the CPU at the full 10MHz. The CPU is only running at 2MHz as the graphical LCD is comparatively slow (requiring a 900nS read or write cycle) and slowing the CPU down was easier than building the state machine to insert Z80 wait states. 10MHz Z80 CPU running at 2MHz. 128×64 pixel graphical monochrome LCD (PG12864LRS-ANN-H). 128KB Flash OS ROM (available as 8 16KB pages). 64KB RAM (32KB always-available user memory, 16KB OS memory switchable for 16KB extra user memory). Two PS/2 ports for keyboard and mouse. Richard Russel's BBC BASIC supplies the interface and programming capabilities. Text input and output via a console. Keyboard input (fixed at UK layout, other layouts require the OS ROM to be reassembled). Date and time parsing and string formatting routines. Read-only file system using external 24LC256 EEPROMs. I recorded this brief video to discuss some of the problems in the design. The following journal posts have a lot of pictures and information on the project. They are arranged in ascending date order, so start at the top and work your way down if you want to follow the progress! Here are some more photos of the computer's hardware. They are not the most up-to-date photos, but should give you a rough overview of the hardware involved. The complete computer in action. Click for a larger image. Memory board, with Z80 CPU, 128KB Flash EEPROM and two 32KB SRAM ICs. Click to toggle labels. The I/O board, with LCD pin header, control port and two PS/2 ports. The I2C bus driver circuit is also present. Two 8-pin I2C chips; a DS1307 real-time clock with 32,768Hz crystal in the foreground with a 24LC256 32KB EEPROM behind it. Early version of the hardware with the Z80, 128KB Flash EEPROM and single 32KB SRAM ICs on breadboard. Early LCD test using a PICAXE-28X1 microcontroller. Early RAM test using a PICAXE-28X1 microcontroller to record and play back an analogue signal. </s>" <s> This is a simple Z80 computer. It's being worked on so the specs will hopefully get better and the OS will improve. I'd chiefly like to run the CPU at the full 10MHz. The CPU is only running at 2MHz as the graphical LCD is comparatively slow (requiring a 900nS read or write cycle) and slowing the CPU down was easier than building the state machine to insert Z80 wait states. 10MHz Z80 CPU running at 2MHz. 128×64 pixel graphical monochrome LCD (PG12864LRS-ANN-H). 128KB Flash OS ROM (available as 8 16KB pages). 64KB RAM (32KB always-available user memory, 16KB OS memory switchable for 16KB extra user memory). Two PS/2 ports for keyboard and mouse. Richard Russel's BBC BASIC supplies the interface and programming capabilities. Text input and output via a console. Keyboard input (fixed at UK layout, other layouts require the OS ROM to be reassembled). Date and time parsing and string formatting routines. Read-only file system using external 24LC256 EEPROMs. I recorded this brief video to discuss some of the problems in the design. The following journal posts have a lot of pictures and information on the project. They are arranged in ascending date order, so start at the top and work your way down if you want to follow the progress! Here are some more photos of the computer's hardware. They are not the most up-to-date photos, but should give you a rough overview of the hardware involved. The complete computer in action. Click for a larger image. Memory board, with Z80 CPU, 128KB Flash EEPROM and two 32KB SRAM ICs. Click to toggle labels. The I/O board, with LCD pin header, control port and two PS/2 ports. The I2C bus driver circuit is also present. Two 8-pin I2C chips; a DS1307 real-time clock with 32,768Hz crystal in the foreground with a 24LC256 32KB EEPROM behind it. Early version of the hardware with the Z80, 128KB Flash EEPROM and single 32KB SRAM ICs on breadboard. Early LCD test using a PICAXE-28X1 microcontroller. Early RAM test using a PICAXE-28X1 microcontroller to record and play back an analogue signal. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> It’s January in Chicago. It’s COLD. I’m home with a four month old baby. What do you do when you can’t really go out, but there isn’t a whole lot you can do while you’re in either? I’m resorting to watching too many movies and spending a lot of time on the internet while the baby naps. Of course I play with him, and feed him, and bath him, and all that takes up a significant portion of the day. But there are lulls when I feel like I should be doing more. Sometimes I resort to checking in with work, but that’s just because that is something I know how to do. On mild days we will still go for walks, and run errands. But then there are days like today when its just too cold. I already cleaned the house and did all the laundry this weekend. I did a few other chores and ate breakfast when the baby first went down an hour ago. Now he is still napping but I’m sure he would wake up the second I tried to jump in the shower. So I feel stuck. Obviously I don’t have anything more interesting to write about or you wouldn’t be reading this post. I just feel like I’m missing something. Isn’t there something I could/should be doing right now? Is it just as simple as enjoying the fact that there isn’t anything I have to do? Good lord I have a hard time being still. </s>" <s> It’s January in Chicago. It’s COLD. I’m home with a four month old baby. What do you do when you can’t really go out, but there isn’t a whole lot you can do while you’re in either? I’m resorting to watching too many movies and spending a lot of time on the internet while the baby naps. Of course I play with him, and feed him, and bath him, and all that takes up a significant portion of the day. But there are lulls when I feel like I should be doing more. Sometimes I resort to checking in with work, but that’s just because that is something I know how to do. On mild days we will still go for walks, and run errands. But then there are days like today when its just too cold. I already cleaned the house and did all the laundry this weekend. I did a few other chores and ate breakfast when the baby first went down an hour ago. Now he is still napping but I’m sure he would wake up the second I tried to jump in the shower. So I feel stuck. Obviously I don’t have anything more interesting to write about or you wouldn’t be reading this post. I just feel like I’m missing something. Isn’t there something I could/should be doing right now? Is it just as simple as enjoying the fact that there isn’t anything I have to do? Good lord I have a hard time being still. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Women P1234 start @8:30AM or just after P123 Men complete lap one, whichever comes later. **Cat 5B opens if/when Men 4/5 sells out in pre-reg. Cash purses based on final pre-registration numbers per respective offering. USA Cycling's Bowl of Oatmeal: USAC Permit #2017-442. Approved helmets must be worn while on bike. All USA Cycling rules in effect. Holland Racing LLC's Bowl of Oatmeal: Event held rain or shine. No refunds. Minimum field size is 10. Promoter reserves the right to combine fields and/or adjust prize list if minimum field size is not met. Registration Brown Sugar: Online at BikeReg.com. Closes at midnight on Thursday January 20th. Additional BikeReg fee will be applied. Junior 4/5 race pre-reg entry up to $25, All other pre-reg entries up to $40. Look for early bird specials online. Additional races $20 each. On-Site registration open day of by 7AM. $15 late fee. Cancellation Butter: If the race is cancelled for any reason, there will be a 75% refund to all paid registrants. Parking Raisins: Follow signage and obey parking stewards. Direction's Cinnamon: From Austin: take 183-N, turn left onto TX-29 W, continue on TX-29 W to Liberty Hill & Bertram, turn left on FM 243 in Bertram (use caution on FM 243-you will be driving backwards on the course, be on the lookout for race in progress), proceed to Oatmeal Community Center (on the corner of FM 243 & CR 336), turn right on CR 336, follow signs to parking lot on the left. Oatmeal Community Center is 7324 CR 336 Bertram, TX 78605. TO AVOID DRIVING ON THE COURSE, DO NOT USE FM 1869 OR FM 1174. Obey police, obey signage, obey parking stewards. Map here. Respect the Oatmeal: Help keep our race site clean and please be respectful of the residents in the area. Do not urinate in public. There are bathrooms inside the community center. </s>" <s> Women P1234 start @8:30AM or just after P123 Men complete lap one, whichever comes later. **Cat 5B opens if/when Men 4/5 sells out in pre-reg. Cash purses based on final pre-registration numbers per respective offering. USA Cycling's Bowl of Oatmeal: USAC Permit #2017-442. Approved helmets must be worn while on bike. All USA Cycling rules in effect. Holland Racing LLC's Bowl of Oatmeal: Event held rain or shine. No refunds. Minimum field size is 10. Promoter reserves the right to combine fields and/or adjust prize list if minimum field size is not met. Registration Brown Sugar: Online at BikeReg.com. Closes at midnight on Thursday January 20th. Additional BikeReg fee will be applied. Junior 4/5 race pre-reg entry up to $25, All other pre-reg entries up to $40. Look for early bird specials online. Additional races $20 each. On-Site registration open day of by 7AM. $15 late fee. Cancellation Butter: If the race is cancelled for any reason, there will be a 75% refund to all paid registrants. Parking Raisins: Follow signage and obey parking stewards. Direction's Cinnamon: From Austin: take 183-N, turn left onto TX-29 W, continue on TX-29 W to Liberty Hill & Bertram, turn left on FM 243 in Bertram (use caution on FM 243-you will be driving backwards on the course, be on the lookout for race in progress), proceed to Oatmeal Community Center (on the corner of FM 243 & CR 336), turn right on CR 336, follow signs to parking lot on the left. Oatmeal Community Center is 7324 CR 336 Bertram, TX 78605. TO AVOID DRIVING ON THE COURSE, DO NOT USE FM 1869 OR FM 1174. Obey police, obey signage, obey parking stewards. Map here. Respect the Oatmeal: Help keep our race site clean and please be respectful of the residents in the area. Do not urinate in public. There are bathrooms inside the community center. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Remarks Charles was born in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Photo courtesy of Keith Charles Lyell, son of Charles' best friend. Information courtesy of Paul W. Wittmer. </s>" <s> Remarks Charles was born in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Photo courtesy of Keith Charles Lyell, son of Charles' best friend. Information courtesy of Paul W. Wittmer. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Our Services Team is known for their dedication and unending determination to helping our customers succeed. This year they were praised for their commitment to take their service to the #NextLevel by winning their fourth consecutive Stevie® Award. Daxko was presented with a Silver Stevie® Award in the Customer Service Department of the Year category in the 13th annual Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service. The Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service are the world’s top honors for customer service, contact center, business development, and sales professionals. The Stevie Awards organization stages seven of the world’s leading business awards programs, including the prestigious American Business Awards® and International Business Awards®. I review thousands of resumes every year that represent thousands of candidates who would love to work for Daxko. I’ve seen some truly great resumes, and I’ve also seen some that are not so great. A great resume is a must-have regardless of the career you want, and these are my top five tips for creating a resume that will get noticed at Daxko (and likely anywhere else you apply). The role you apply for will dictate just how creative you should be with your design, but any resume should have a design that makes it easy to read and find the pertinent information. Keep in mind that the average recruiter or hiring manager spends about six seconds reviewing a resume before making a decision to look further or move on (but lucky for you, we’re not average here at Daxko). You don’t have to be a graphic designer to have a nicely formatted resume, either. You can find templates on Microsoft Word and Google Docs; or, if you want a fancier format, you can find some on Freepik or Creative Market. And if you are a graphic designer or applying for a creative position, please don’t come at me with an ugly Indeed resume with no formatting! #2: Like a good suit, the best resumes are tailored. Your resume should be tailored to the job you are applying for, not for any job at any company. I’ve heard many people compare interviewing to dating, and that comparison really works well here. When you’re dating, you want to feel like your date really wants to be with YOU, not just any warm body. Employers have feelings, too... and we want to know you want THIS job at THIS company. #3: Objectives are so 1996. References – We’ll ask for those separately if you make it to that point in the interview process. Save that space on your resume for more useful information. College details from more than a decade ago – Most employers don’t care what sorority you were a part of in 1998. Internships also take up valuable real estate on your resume and can be removed for anyone more than 5 years out of school (unless your internship was especially noteworthy/career defining). #4: Everyone loves a mystery... except on your resume. Don’t make me guess or jump through hoops to get the information I need. What do I mean by this? Well for starters, make sure you put your contact information at the top of your resume. Don’t hide it at the bottom, or even worse, forget to include it altogether. And your LinkedIn profile is great, but I want an email and a phone number to reach you (call me old school). I also don’t want to guess about your work history – include dates and locations. I’ve yet to meet a recruiter who actually enjoys reading functional resumes; so skip that, include your work history, and write a cover letter if necessary. #5: Check yo’ self (before you wreck yo’ self). Really though, proofread your resume... and then have someone else proofread it for you. You don’t want silly grammatical or spelling issues to stand between you and your dream job! It’s almost laughable how many resumes I see with “detailed oriented”... you’ve just got to love the irony there! I can look past a typo, but if you can’t string a few words together without me shaking my head, we have a problem. There are probably several more I can think of, but these stand as my top 5. If you have questions, or want to tell me how wrong I am about functional resumes... good news! We’re hosting another #AskDaxko Twitter chat on Wednesday, July 19th, at 11:30 AM. We’ll chat for an hour about resume do’s and don’ts, our favorite formats and fonts, and all that jazz. Got a question, but can’t join live? Feel free to send it in ahead of time using the #AskDaxko hashtag, and we’ll address it during our chat. Hope to “meet” you in the Twittersphere! Beth Wolfe is Daxko’s Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist who is from the beach, but thinks Birmingham is waayyy cooler; and who enjoys any Seinfeld reference worked into everyday conversations. </s>" <s> Our Services Team is known for their dedication and unending determination to helping our customers succeed. This year they were praised for their commitment to take their service to the #NextLevel by winning their fourth consecutive Stevie® Award. Daxko was presented with a Silver Stevie® Award in the Customer Service Department of the Year category in the 13th annual Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service. The Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service are the world’s top honors for customer service, contact center, business development, and sales professionals. The Stevie Awards organization stages seven of the world’s leading business awards programs, including the prestigious American Business Awards® and International Business Awards®. I review thousands of resumes every year that represent thousands of candidates who would love to work for Daxko. I’ve seen some truly great resumes, and I’ve also seen some that are not so great. A great resume is a must-have regardless of the career you want, and these are my top five tips for creating a resume that will get noticed at Daxko (and likely anywhere else you apply). The role you apply for will dictate just how creative you should be with your design, but any resume should have a design that makes it easy to read and find the pertinent information. Keep in mind that the average recruiter or hiring manager spends about six seconds reviewing a resume before making a decision to look further or move on (but lucky for you, we’re not average here at Daxko). You don’t have to be a graphic designer to have a nicely formatted resume, either. You can find templates on Microsoft Word and Google Docs; or, if you want a fancier format, you can find some on Freepik or Creative Market. And if you are a graphic designer or applying for a creative position, please don’t come at me with an ugly Indeed resume with no formatting! #2: Like a good suit, the best resumes are tailored. Your resume should be tailored to the job you are applying for, not for any job at any company. I’ve heard many people compare interviewing to dating, and that comparison really works well here. When you’re dating, you want to feel like your date really wants to be with YOU, not just any warm body. Employers have feelings, too... and we want to know you want THIS job at THIS company. #3: Objectives are so 1996. References – We’ll ask for those separately if you make it to that point in the interview process. Save that space on your resume for more useful information. College details from more than a decade ago – Most employers don’t care what sorority you were a part of in 1998. Internships also take up valuable real estate on your resume and can be removed for anyone more than 5 years out of school (unless your internship was especially noteworthy/career defining). #4: Everyone loves a mystery... except on your resume. Don’t make me guess or jump through hoops to get the information I need. What do I mean by this? Well for starters, make sure you put your contact information at the top of your resume. Don’t hide it at the bottom, or even worse, forget to include it altogether. And your LinkedIn profile is great, but I want an email and a phone number to reach you (call me old school). I also don’t want to guess about your work history – include dates and locations. I’ve yet to meet a recruiter who actually enjoys reading functional resumes; so skip that, include your work history, and write a cover letter if necessary. #5: Check yo’ self (before you wreck yo’ self). Really though, proofread your resume... and then have someone else proofread it for you. You don’t want silly grammatical or spelling issues to stand between you and your dream job! It’s almost laughable how many resumes I see with “detailed oriented”... you’ve just got to love the irony there! I can look past a typo, but if you can’t string a few words together without me shaking my head, we have a problem. There are probably several more I can think of, but these stand as my top 5. If you have questions, or want to tell me how wrong I am about functional resumes... good news! We’re hosting another #AskDaxko Twitter chat on Wednesday, July 19th, at 11:30 AM. We’ll chat for an hour about resume do’s and don’ts, our favorite formats and fonts, and all that jazz. Got a question, but can’t join live? Feel free to send it in ahead of time using the #AskDaxko hashtag, and we’ll address it during our chat. Hope to “meet” you in the Twittersphere! Beth Wolfe is Daxko’s Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist who is from the beach, but thinks Birmingham is waayyy cooler; and who enjoys any Seinfeld reference worked into everyday conversations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> You can use this wallpaper for your device. This bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee HD Wallpaper is published in Other category and the original resolution of wallpaper is 4672x3104 px.. bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee There are too many resolution options at the resolution section above. You can choose whatever you need from the list. The system will be prepared your choose and download will be start immediately. All of these, if you need only original size of image, than you can click ""Download"" button below of the preview image. This free image was published since Posted on January 12, 2018 . The image of bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee is published by users. If you want to report any violation for this image you can reach us by clicking here. </s>" <s> You can use this wallpaper for your device. This bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee HD Wallpaper is published in Other category and the original resolution of wallpaper is 4672x3104 px.. bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee There are too many resolution options at the resolution section above. You can choose whatever you need from the list. The system will be prepared your choose and download will be start immediately. All of these, if you need only original size of image, than you can click """Download""" button below of the preview image. This free image was published since Posted on January 12, 2018 . The image of bees, hd wallpapers insect,smart phone, flower, high definition, flowers, amazing,bee is published by users. If you want to report any violation for this image you can reach us by clicking here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Have a fact about Sepia officinalis ? Write it here to share it with the entire community. Have a definition for Sepia officinalis ? Write it here to share it with the entire community. </s>" <s> Have a fact about Sepia officinalis ? Write it here to share it with the entire community. Have a definition for Sepia officinalis ? Write it here to share it with the entire community. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Home cooked food - prepared on the premises. A fresh and tasty meal every time. Authentic Asian food in the heart of Estepona Port. </s>" <s> Home cooked food - prepared on the premises. A fresh and tasty meal every time. Authentic Asian food in the heart of Estepona Port. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Demolition Parts Co. has been making quality BMX bike parts since 2000. They have some big names riding and endorsing their products, such as Chris Doyle, Jason Enns, Dennis Enarson, Rob Wise and more. Their products have received great reviews from riders and critics alike. Demolition is proud of being a company focused on designing parts from riders for riders, and constantly works to bring the cycling industry new and innovative parts that riders need to keep upping their game. </s>" <s> Demolition Parts Co. has been making quality BMX bike parts since 2000. They have some big names riding and endorsing their products, such as Chris Doyle, Jason Enns, Dennis Enarson, Rob Wise and more. Their products have received great reviews from riders and critics alike. Demolition is proud of being a company focused on designing parts from riders for riders, and constantly works to bring the cycling industry new and innovative parts that riders need to keep upping their game. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> 2 The Old School is a fabulous newly renovated three-storey conversion of part of an old Victorian school available for luxurious holiday lets from May 2018. This stylish holiday home, with three bedrooms and two contemporary bath/shower rooms, has been cleverly reconfigured to create a stunning open plan kitchen/dining and living area and has been completely refurbished throughout with high quality fixtures and fittings. This would be ideal for up to three couples or a family wanting to stay in the heart of the highly sought after Georgian village of Burnham Market, within minutes walk from the picturesque village green. Outside there's the bonus of one off-street parking space and an attractive private fully enclosed courtyard rear garden which overlooks the charming Burnham Ulph church. The beautiful unspoilt beaches of the North Norfolk coast may easily be reached within a 10 minute drive. Fabulous newly created sociable open plan kitchen,dining and living area. Kitchen area: a superb newly fitted kitchen with granite worktops. There is a built-in electric oven, induction hob, microwave, slim-line dishwasher, a fridge/freezer and a washer/dryer . There is a dining table which may seat up to 6 people. Sitting area: beautifully presented with a newly installed bio-ethanol fire and French doors opening out to the paved and gravelled garden overlooking the church. There are two large comfy sofas, coffee table, wall-mounted digital TV with Freeview, (access to Netflix can be arranged. There's the advantage of wifi provided in the cottage. The stairs lead up from the hallway and are not steep with a hand rail. Bedroom 1: Beautifully presented light and airy room with a large window (with shutters) overlooking the church. There's a super king-size bed, large bedside chest of draws/dressing table and lamps, and built-in wardrobes with plenty of storage space. En-suite shower room: newly fitted with contemporary walk-in shower, hand basin, WC and heated towel rail. Bedroom 2: A slightly smaller room at the front with a double bed, bedside tables and lamps, and built-in cupboards with plenty of storage space. Shutters are also fitted to the inside of the window. Bathroom: contemporary bathroom having a bath with shower over, hand basin, heated towel rail and WC. The stairs are not steep and lead to a landing area with a desk and chair. Bedroom 3: Lovely room with a pitched ceiling, king-size bed, bedside tables and lamps and built-in cupboards. There are hairdryers in bedroom 1 and bedroom 3 and fans provided for all bedrooms. Quietly situated off North Street with one designated off-street car parking space in the shingle drive at the front of the property. There is a lockable shed available to use for the storage of bicycles if required. At the back is a private fully enclosed walled and newly paved and shingled garden with outside furniture and BBQ. </s>" <s> 2 The Old School is a fabulous newly renovated three-storey conversion of part of an old Victorian school available for luxurious holiday lets from May 2018. This stylish holiday home, with three bedrooms and two contemporary bath/shower rooms, has been cleverly reconfigured to create a stunning open plan kitchen/dining and living area and has been completely refurbished throughout with high quality fixtures and fittings. This would be ideal for up to three couples or a family wanting to stay in the heart of the highly sought after Georgian village of Burnham Market, within minutes walk from the picturesque village green. Outside there's the bonus of one off-street parking space and an attractive private fully enclosed courtyard rear garden which overlooks the charming Burnham Ulph church. The beautiful unspoilt beaches of the North Norfolk coast may easily be reached within a 10 minute drive. Fabulous newly created sociable open plan kitchen,dining and living area. Kitchen area: a superb newly fitted kitchen with granite worktops. There is a built-in electric oven, induction hob, microwave, slim-line dishwasher, a fridge/freezer and a washer/dryer . There is a dining table which may seat up to 6 people. Sitting area: beautifully presented with a newly installed bio-ethanol fire and French doors opening out to the paved and gravelled garden overlooking the church. There are two large comfy sofas, coffee table, wall-mounted digital TV with Freeview, (access to Netflix can be arranged. There's the advantage of wifi provided in the cottage. The stairs lead up from the hallway and are not steep with a hand rail. Bedroom 1: Beautifully presented light and airy room with a large window (with shutters) overlooking the church. There's a super king-size bed, large bedside chest of draws/dressing table and lamps, and built-in wardrobes with plenty of storage space. En-suite shower room: newly fitted with contemporary walk-in shower, hand basin, WC and heated towel rail. Bedroom 2: A slightly smaller room at the front with a double bed, bedside tables and lamps, and built-in cupboards with plenty of storage space. Shutters are also fitted to the inside of the window. Bathroom: contemporary bathroom having a bath with shower over, hand basin, heated towel rail and WC. The stairs are not steep and lead to a landing area with a desk and chair. Bedroom 3: Lovely room with a pitched ceiling, king-size bed, bedside tables and lamps and built-in cupboards. There are hairdryers in bedroom 1 and bedroom 3 and fans provided for all bedrooms. Quietly situated off North Street with one designated off-street car parking space in the shingle drive at the front of the property. There is a lockable shed available to use for the storage of bicycles if required. At the back is a private fully enclosed walled and newly paved and shingled garden with outside furniture and BBQ. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> IL FIORE E LA VIOLENZA 1962, Francia, Italia Durata: 98′ Film a episodi. Regia: Michelangelo Antonioni , Jean Renoir , Francis Rechenbach Cast: Fay Compton , Peter Reynolds , Jeanne Marken , André Gabriello , Jacques B. Brunius. Messo insieme dal produttore Morris Ergas, riunisce due vecchi mediometraggi narrativi e un documentario: 1) “Il delitto” (episodio inglese di I vinti, 1952) di M. Antonioni. Giovane mitomane uccide un’anziana prostituta per far parlare di sé e vendere ai giornali la notizia; 2) “I Marines” (1957) di F. Reichenbach. Come al centro addestramento reclute di Parris Island si trasforma un ragazzo in un automa guerriero; 3) “La scampagnata” (“Une partie de campagne”, 1936-47) di J. Renoir, da un racconto di Guy de Maupassant. “Brevario del cinema,” in Cinema (Rome), nos. 11, 16, 20, 37, 41, 1949. “Le allegre ragazze del ’24,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), 1956. “There Must Be a Reason for Every Film,” in Films and Filming (London), April 1959. Interview with M. Manceaux and Richard Roud, in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1960/61. Interview with André Labarthe, in New York Film Bulletin , no. 8, 1961. “Reflections on a Film Career,” in Film Culture (New York), no. 22–23, 1961. “Eroticism—The Disease of Our Age,” in Films and Filming (London), January 1961. “La malattia dei sentimenti,” in Bianco e Nero (Rome), February-March 1961. “Making a Film Is My Way of Life,” in Film Culture (New York), Spring 1962. “The Event and the Image,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1963/64. “What Directors Are Saying,” in Action (Los Angeles), September/October 1969. “Conversazione con Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Filmcritica (Rome), March 1975. “Antonioni after China: Art versus Science,” interview with Gideon Bachmann, in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1975. “Antonioni Speaks . . . and Listens,” interview with R. Epstein, in Film Comment (New York), July/August 1975. “Antonioni and the Two-Headed Monster,” interview with J. F. Lane, in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1979/80. Antonioni, Michelangelo, “Il ‘big bang’ della nascita di un film,” in Cinema Nuovo (Bari), December 1981. Interview with Gideon Bachman, in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1983. Interview with F. Tomasulo, in On Film (Los Angeles), Fall 1984. “Michelangelo critico cinematografico (1935–1949),” edited by Aldo Tassone, in Bianco e Nero (Rome), July-September 1985. “Quel big-bang con cui esplose lo spazio,” in Cinema Nuovo (Bari), January/February 1987. “Entretien avec Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Camera/Stylo (Paris), December 1989. La Nuit: La Notte , with Tonino Guerra and E. Flaiano, Paris, 1961. L’eclisse , with Tonino Guerra and E. Bartolini, Capelli, 1962. Screenplays by Michelangelo Antonioni , New York, 1963. Michelangelo Antonioni , Rome, 1964. Blow-Up , with Tonino Guerra, Turin, 1968; New York, 1971. L’Avventura , with E. Bartolini, New York, 1969; New Brunswick, New Jersey, 1989. Il Primo Antonioni (screenplays or working scripts for early Antonioni documentaries and films), edited by Carlo di Carlo, Bologna, 1973. Il mistero di Oberwald , Turin, 1980. That Bowling Alley on the Tiber: Tales of a Director , Oxford, 1986. Carpi, Fabio, Michelangelo Antonioni , Parma, 1958. Cowie, Peter, Antonioni, Bergman, Resnais , New York, 1963. Leprohon, Pierre, Michelangelo Antonioni: An Introduction , New York, 1963. Taylor, John Russell, Cinema Eye, Cinema Ear , New York, 1964. Strick, Philip, Antonioni , London, 1965. Cameron, Ian, and Robin Wood, Antonioni , New York, 1969. Huss, Roy, editor, Focus on “Blow-Up,” Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1971. Samuels, Charles Thomas, Encountering Directors , New York, 1972. Rifkin, Ned, Antonioni’s Visual Language , Ann Arbor, Michigan, 1982. Barthes, Roland, and others, Michelangelo Antonioni , Munich, 1984. Biarese, Cesare, and Aldo Tassone, I film di Michelangelo Antonioni , Rome, 1985. Chatman, Seymour, Antonioni; or, The Surface of the World , Berkeley, 1985. Mancini, Michele, and Giuseppe Perrella, Michelangelo: Architecture in Vision , Rome, 1986. Perry, Ted, and René Prieto, Michelangelo Antonioni: A Guide to References and Resources , Boston, 1986. Tinazzi, Giorgio di, Michelangelo Antonioni , Firenze, 1989. Cuccu, Lorenzo, Antonioni: il discorso dello sguardo: da Blow-Up a Identificazione di una donna , Pisa, 1990. Giaume, Joëëlle Mayet, Michelangelo Antonioni: le fil intéérieur , Crisnée, Belgium, 1990. Ranieri, Nicola, Amor vacui: il cinema di Michelangelo Antonioni , Chieti, 1990. Rohdie, Sam, Antonioni , London, 1990. Michelangelo Antonioni, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Margarethe von Trotta , Zurich, 1991. Prédal, René, Michelangelo Antonioni, ou, La vigilance du désir , Paris, 1991. Kock, Bernhard, Michelangelo Antonionis Bilderwelt: eine phänomenologische Studie , München, 1994. Arrowsmith, William, Antonioni: The Poet of Images , New York, 1995. Cuccu, Lorenzo, Antonioni: il discorso dello sguardo e altri saggi , Pisa, 1997. Brunette, Peter, The Films of Michelangelo Antonioni , Cambridge, 1998. Scemama-Heard, Céline, Antonioni: le désert figuré , Paris, 1998. Bollero, Marcello, “Il documentario: Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Sequenze (Italy), December 1949. Cavallaro, Giambattista, “Michelangelo Antonioni, simbolo di una generazione,” in Bianco e Nero (Rome), September 1957. Renzi, Renzo, “Cronache del l’angoscia in Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), May/June 1959. Roud, Richard, “Michelangelo Antonioni: Five Films,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1960/61. Kauffmann, Stanley, “Arrival of an Artist,” in the New Republic (New York), 10 April 1961. Pepper, C. F., “Rebirth in Italy: Three Great Movie Directors,” in Newsweek (New York), 10 July 1961. Special Issue of Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Fall 1962. “Antonioni issue” of Seventh Art (New York), Spring 1963. Barthelme, Donald, “L’lapse,” in the New Yorker , 2 March 1963. Gerard, L. N., “Antonioni,” in Films in Review (New York), April 1963. “Michelangelo Antonioni: l’homme et l’objet,” in Etudes Cinématographiques (Paris), no. 36–37, 1964. Houston, Penelope, “Keeping up with the Antonionis,” in Sight and Sound (London), Autumn 1964. Garis, R., “Watching Antonioni,” in Commentary (New York), April 1967. Kinder, Marsha, “Antonioni in Transit,” in Sight and Sound (London), Summer 1967. Simon, J., and others, “Antonioni: What’s the Point,” in Film Heritage (Dayton, Ohio), Spring 1970. Gow, Gordon, “Antonioni Men,” in Films and Filming (London), June 1970. Hernacki, T., “Michelangelo Antonioni and the Imagery of Disintegration,” in Film Heritage (Dayton, Ohio), Fall 1970. Lane, J. F., “Antonioni Discovers China,” in Sight and Sound (London), Spring 1973. Strick, Philip, “Antonioni Report,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1973/74. Renzi, Renzo, “Antonioni nelle vesti del drago bianco,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), May/June 1974. Bachmann, Gideon, “Antonioni Down Under,” in Sight and Sound (London), no. 4, 1976. Burke, F., “The Natural Enmity of Words and Moving Images: Language, La notte , and the Death of the Light,” in Literature/ Film Quarterly (Salisbury, Maryland), no. 1, 1979. Barthes, Roland, “Lettre à Antonioni,” in Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), May 1980. Special Issue of Camera/Stylo (Paris), November 1982. “Antonioni Section” of Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), December 1982. “Antonioni Section” of Positif (Paris), January 1983. Ranvaud, Don, “Chronicle of a Career: Michelangelo Antonioni in Context,” in Monthly Film Bulletin (London), March 1983. Aristarco, G., “Notes on Michelangelo Antonioni,” and A. Graham, “The Phantom Self,” in Film Criticism (Meadville, Pennsylvania), Fall 1984. Casetti, Francesco, “Antonioni and Hitchcock: Two Strategies of Narrative Investment,” SubStance (Madison, Wisconsin), vol. 15, no. 3, 1986. “Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Film Dope (London), March 1988. Lev, Peter, ” Blow-Up , Swinging London, and the Film Generation,” in Literature/Film Quarterly (Salisbury, Maryland), vol. 17, no. 2, 1989. Jousse, Thierry, and others, “Antonini, l’homme invisible,” in Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), September 1992. Walker, Beverly, “Michelangelo and the Leviathan,” in Film Comment (New York), September-October 1992. Moore, K.Z., “Eclipsing the Commonplace: The Logic of Alienation in Antonioni’s Cinema,” in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1995. Nowell-Smith, Geoffrey, “Antonioni,” in Sight and Sound (London), December 1995. Hattendorf, Manfred, “Der Rest ist Nebel,” in Film-dienst (Cologne), 30 January 1996. Chatman, Seymour, “Antonioni in 1980,” in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Fall 1997. </s>" <s> IL FIORE E LA VIOLENZA 1962, Francia, Italia Durata: 98′ Film a episodi. Regia: Michelangelo Antonioni , Jean Renoir , Francis Rechenbach Cast: Fay Compton , Peter Reynolds , Jeanne Marken , André Gabriello , Jacques B. Brunius. Messo insieme dal produttore Morris Ergas, riunisce due vecchi mediometraggi narrativi e un documentario: 1) “Il delitto” (episodio inglese di I vinti, 1952) di M. Antonioni. Giovane mitomane uccide un’anziana prostituta per far parlare di sé e vendere ai giornali la notizia; 2) “I Marines” (1957) di F. Reichenbach. Come al centro addestramento reclute di Parris Island si trasforma un ragazzo in un automa guerriero; 3) “La scampagnata” (“Une partie de campagne”, 1936-47) di J. Renoir, da un racconto di Guy de Maupassant. “Brevario del cinema,” in Cinema (Rome), nos. 11, 16, 20, 37, 41, 1949. “Le allegre ragazze del ’24,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), 1956. “There Must Be a Reason for Every Film,” in Films and Filming (London), April 1959. Interview with M. Manceaux and Richard Roud, in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1960/61. Interview with André Labarthe, in New York Film Bulletin , no. 8, 1961. “Reflections on a Film Career,” in Film Culture (New York), no. 22–23, 1961. “Eroticism—The Disease of Our Age,” in Films and Filming (London), January 1961. “La malattia dei sentimenti,” in Bianco e Nero (Rome), February-March 1961. “Making a Film Is My Way of Life,” in Film Culture (New York), Spring 1962. “The Event and the Image,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1963/64. “What Directors Are Saying,” in Action (Los Angeles), September/October 1969. “Conversazione con Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Filmcritica (Rome), March 1975. “Antonioni after China: Art versus Science,” interview with Gideon Bachmann, in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1975. “Antonioni Speaks . . . and Listens,” interview with R. Epstein, in Film Comment (New York), July/August 1975. “Antonioni and the Two-Headed Monster,” interview with J. F. Lane, in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1979/80. Antonioni, Michelangelo, “Il ‘big bang’ della nascita di un film,” in Cinema Nuovo (Bari), December 1981. Interview with Gideon Bachman, in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1983. Interview with F. Tomasulo, in On Film (Los Angeles), Fall 1984. “Michelangelo critico cinematografico (1935–1949),” edited by Aldo Tassone, in Bianco e Nero (Rome), July-September 1985. “Quel big-bang con cui esplose lo spazio,” in Cinema Nuovo (Bari), January/February 1987. “Entretien avec Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Camera/Stylo (Paris), December 1989. La Nuit: La Notte , with Tonino Guerra and E. Flaiano, Paris, 1961. L’eclisse , with Tonino Guerra and E. Bartolini, Capelli, 1962. Screenplays by Michelangelo Antonioni , New York, 1963. Michelangelo Antonioni , Rome, 1964. Blow-Up , with Tonino Guerra, Turin, 1968; New York, 1971. L’Avventura , with E. Bartolini, New York, 1969; New Brunswick, New Jersey, 1989. Il Primo Antonioni (screenplays or working scripts for early Antonioni documentaries and films), edited by Carlo di Carlo, Bologna, 1973. Il mistero di Oberwald , Turin, 1980. That Bowling Alley on the Tiber: Tales of a Director , Oxford, 1986. Carpi, Fabio, Michelangelo Antonioni , Parma, 1958. Cowie, Peter, Antonioni, Bergman, Resnais , New York, 1963. Leprohon, Pierre, Michelangelo Antonioni: An Introduction , New York, 1963. Taylor, John Russell, Cinema Eye, Cinema Ear , New York, 1964. Strick, Philip, Antonioni , London, 1965. Cameron, Ian, and Robin Wood, Antonioni , New York, 1969. Huss, Roy, editor, Focus on “Blow-Up,” Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1971. Samuels, Charles Thomas, Encountering Directors , New York, 1972. Rifkin, Ned, Antonioni’s Visual Language , Ann Arbor, Michigan, 1982. Barthes, Roland, and others, Michelangelo Antonioni , Munich, 1984. Biarese, Cesare, and Aldo Tassone, I film di Michelangelo Antonioni , Rome, 1985. Chatman, Seymour, Antonioni; or, The Surface of the World , Berkeley, 1985. Mancini, Michele, and Giuseppe Perrella, Michelangelo: Architecture in Vision , Rome, 1986. Perry, Ted, and René Prieto, Michelangelo Antonioni: A Guide to References and Resources , Boston, 1986. Tinazzi, Giorgio di, Michelangelo Antonioni , Firenze, 1989. Cuccu, Lorenzo, Antonioni: il discorso dello sguardo: da Blow-Up a Identificazione di una donna , Pisa, 1990. Giaume, Joëëlle Mayet, Michelangelo Antonioni: le fil intéérieur , Crisnée, Belgium, 1990. Ranieri, Nicola, Amor vacui: il cinema di Michelangelo Antonioni , Chieti, 1990. Rohdie, Sam, Antonioni , London, 1990. Michelangelo Antonioni, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Margarethe von Trotta , Zurich, 1991. Prédal, René, Michelangelo Antonioni, ou, La vigilance du désir , Paris, 1991. Kock, Bernhard, Michelangelo Antonionis Bilderwelt: eine phänomenologische Studie , München, 1994. Arrowsmith, William, Antonioni: The Poet of Images , New York, 1995. Cuccu, Lorenzo, Antonioni: il discorso dello sguardo e altri saggi , Pisa, 1997. Brunette, Peter, The Films of Michelangelo Antonioni , Cambridge, 1998. Scemama-Heard, Céline, Antonioni: le désert figuré , Paris, 1998. Bollero, Marcello, “Il documentario: Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Sequenze (Italy), December 1949. Cavallaro, Giambattista, “Michelangelo Antonioni, simbolo di una generazione,” in Bianco e Nero (Rome), September 1957. Renzi, Renzo, “Cronache del l’angoscia in Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), May/June 1959. Roud, Richard, “Michelangelo Antonioni: Five Films,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1960/61. Kauffmann, Stanley, “Arrival of an Artist,” in the New Republic (New York), 10 April 1961. Pepper, C. F., “Rebirth in Italy: Three Great Movie Directors,” in Newsweek (New York), 10 July 1961. Special Issue of Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Fall 1962. “Antonioni issue” of Seventh Art (New York), Spring 1963. Barthelme, Donald, “L’lapse,” in the New Yorker , 2 March 1963. Gerard, L. N., “Antonioni,” in Films in Review (New York), April 1963. “Michelangelo Antonioni: l’homme et l’objet,” in Etudes Cinématographiques (Paris), no. 36–37, 1964. Houston, Penelope, “Keeping up with the Antonionis,” in Sight and Sound (London), Autumn 1964. Garis, R., “Watching Antonioni,” in Commentary (New York), April 1967. Kinder, Marsha, “Antonioni in Transit,” in Sight and Sound (London), Summer 1967. Simon, J., and others, “Antonioni: What’s the Point,” in Film Heritage (Dayton, Ohio), Spring 1970. Gow, Gordon, “Antonioni Men,” in Films and Filming (London), June 1970. Hernacki, T., “Michelangelo Antonioni and the Imagery of Disintegration,” in Film Heritage (Dayton, Ohio), Fall 1970. Lane, J. F., “Antonioni Discovers China,” in Sight and Sound (London), Spring 1973. Strick, Philip, “Antonioni Report,” in Sight and Sound (London), Winter 1973/74. Renzi, Renzo, “Antonioni nelle vesti del drago bianco,” in Cinema Nuovo (Turin), May/June 1974. Bachmann, Gideon, “Antonioni Down Under,” in Sight and Sound (London), no. 4, 1976. Burke, F., “The Natural Enmity of Words and Moving Images: Language, La notte , and the Death of the Light,” in Literature/ Film Quarterly (Salisbury, Maryland), no. 1, 1979. Barthes, Roland, “Lettre à Antonioni,” in Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), May 1980. Special Issue of Camera/Stylo (Paris), November 1982. “Antonioni Section” of Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), December 1982. “Antonioni Section” of Positif (Paris), January 1983. Ranvaud, Don, “Chronicle of a Career: Michelangelo Antonioni in Context,” in Monthly Film Bulletin (London), March 1983. Aristarco, G., “Notes on Michelangelo Antonioni,” and A. Graham, “The Phantom Self,” in Film Criticism (Meadville, Pennsylvania), Fall 1984. Casetti, Francesco, “Antonioni and Hitchcock: Two Strategies of Narrative Investment,” SubStance (Madison, Wisconsin), vol. 15, no. 3, 1986. “Michelangelo Antonioni,” in Film Dope (London), March 1988. Lev, Peter, ” Blow-Up , Swinging London, and the Film Generation,” in Literature/Film Quarterly (Salisbury, Maryland), vol. 17, no. 2, 1989. Jousse, Thierry, and others, “Antonini, l’homme invisible,” in Cahiers du Cinéma (Paris), September 1992. Walker, Beverly, “Michelangelo and the Leviathan,” in Film Comment (New York), September-October 1992. Moore, K.Z., “Eclipsing the Commonplace: The Logic of Alienation in Antonioni’s Cinema,” in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Summer 1995. Nowell-Smith, Geoffrey, “Antonioni,” in Sight and Sound (London), December 1995. Hattendorf, Manfred, “Der Rest ist Nebel,” in Film-dienst (Cologne), 30 January 1996. Chatman, Seymour, “Antonioni in 1980,” in Film Quarterly (Berkeley), Fall 1997. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Our Police Athletic League morning summer camp (8-12) is currently full. You may sign up for the waitlist. Some spots are still available for the afternoon program. Please click here for information and registration. Step 3. Scroll down to Registration Listings and click “Register Now” and follow the directions. </s>" <s> Our Police Athletic League morning summer camp (8-12) is currently full. You may sign up for the waitlist. Some spots are still available for the afternoon program. Please click here for information and registration. Step 3. Scroll down to Registration Listings and click “Register Now” and follow the directions. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Sasha Hall in Pre-Wedding Bedding – I Know That Girl – OMG! You’re my step-brother! Don’t tell my dad! </s>" <s> Sasha Hall in Pre-Wedding Bedding – I Know That Girl – OMG! You’re my step-brother! Don’t tell my dad! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Added robots to the development UIM domain and are collecting metrics from them successfully. Alarms from the Production UIM domain were raised for those robots added to the development UIM domain but these robots do not appear in Infrastructure Manager or Admin Console for the Production UIM domain. Why are robots from the development UIM domain missing from Infrastructure Manager and Admin Console in the production domain but are generating alarms from the production UIM domain? The robot in the development UIM domain that the alarms were coming from was configured to fail over to a secondary hub in the production UIM domain. If the robot loses connection with the hub in the development domain, it will fail over to the configured secondary hub in the production domain and all QoS and alarm messages are injected into the production UIM domain causing the alarms to be sent out by the production nas as emails. Recommendation is to configure a secondary hub in the development UIM domain as the secondary fail over hub for the robot in the development UIM domain. </s>" <s> Added robots to the development UIM domain and are collecting metrics from them successfully. Alarms from the Production UIM domain were raised for those robots added to the development UIM domain but these robots do not appear in Infrastructure Manager or Admin Console for the Production UIM domain. Why are robots from the development UIM domain missing from Infrastructure Manager and Admin Console in the production domain but are generating alarms from the production UIM domain? The robot in the development UIM domain that the alarms were coming from was configured to fail over to a secondary hub in the production UIM domain. If the robot loses connection with the hub in the development domain, it will fail over to the configured secondary hub in the production domain and all QoS and alarm messages are injected into the production UIM domain causing the alarms to be sent out by the production nas as emails. Recommendation is to configure a secondary hub in the development UIM domain as the secondary fail over hub for the robot in the development UIM domain. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Gold finish brass framework and alabaster accents make a glamorous pair on this beautiful buffet lamp. Opt for an elegant home staple with this buffet lamp by John Richard. This gorgeous light features crisp, alabaster construction trimmed with gold finish brass framework. A cotton and man-made silk rectangular shade helps preserve the light's clean, angular look. 41 1/2"" high. Shade is 16"" wide and 10"" deep across the top x 16"" wide and 10"" deep across the bottom x 10"" high. Takes one 100 watt 1-way bulb (not included). Honne buffet lamp by John Richard. Gold and white finish; brass and alabaster construction. Cotton and man-made silk rectangular shade. </s>" <s> Gold finish brass framework and alabaster accents make a glamorous pair on this beautiful buffet lamp. Opt for an elegant home staple with this buffet lamp by John Richard. This gorgeous light features crisp, alabaster construction trimmed with gold finish brass framework. A cotton and man-made silk rectangular shade helps preserve the light's clean, angular look. 41 "1/2""" high. Shade is "16""" wide and "10""" deep across the top x "16""" wide and "10""" deep across the bottom x "10""" high. Takes one 100 watt 1-way bulb (not included). Honne buffet lamp by John Richard. Gold and white finish; brass and alabaster construction. Cotton and man-made silk rectangular shade. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> resume for ccr vertical raw mill,ball mill operator: cement raw mill ccr operation vertical raw mill and cement mill operation. series i milling machines. it also contains the names of several manufacturers of other types of point of operation safeguarding for vertical milling machines. vertical mill startup sequence loesche vertical mill lm 563wmv youtube mill startup sequence,16 nov 2011, sequence of operation of raw mill in cement industry. milling machines a milling machine is a power driven machine that cuts by means of a multitooth movement for plunge operations on the vertical mill. vertical mill correctly takes more skill and experience than milling operations by means of a brass lever that tightens source for raw materials at good prices. cements ground in the vertical roller mill fulfil the quality loesche. separate types of material during the process: the raw ma terials and coal before the kiln, and the final cement product once firing is complete and the clinker cooled. </s>" <s> resume for ccr vertical raw mill,ball mill operator: cement raw mill ccr operation vertical raw mill and cement mill operation. series i milling machines. it also contains the names of several manufacturers of other types of point of operation safeguarding for vertical milling machines. vertical mill startup sequence loesche vertical mill lm 563wmv youtube mill startup sequence,16 nov 2011, sequence of operation of raw mill in cement industry. milling machines a milling machine is a power driven machine that cuts by means of a multitooth movement for plunge operations on the vertical mill. vertical mill correctly takes more skill and experience than milling operations by means of a brass lever that tightens source for raw materials at good prices. cements ground in the vertical roller mill fulfil the quality loesche. separate types of material during the process: the raw ma terials and coal before the kiln, and the final cement product once firing is complete and the clinker cooled. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> • Return to the Home Page from navigation bar at top. • View the Site Map. Get started with your career today! Our programs are designed to help you quickly enter the Holistic Health field as a practitioner! </s>" <s> • Return to the Home Page from navigation bar at top. • View the Site Map. Get started with your career today! Our programs are designed to help you quickly enter the Holistic Health field as a practitioner! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Ypsilanti’s animal ordinance was amended to allow residents to be able to keep hens in the backyard of their property. The ordinance states that residents in single- and two-family residential neighborhoods can apply for a renewable permit and pay a permit fee to keep no more than four hens in their backyard. Chicken coops or enclosures must be placed at least 20 feet away from any residential structure not owned by the permittee, unless she or he obtains written permission from the owner of the affected residential structure. The ordinance also states that chicken feed must be properly stored to avoid rodent infestations and that permittees are prohibited from slaughtering hens on the property. Some U.S. cities have amended zoning to allow residents to keep backyard chickens with the intention of improving food access (Hodgson 2012). Ypsilanti’s backyard chicken ordinance allows for residents with reduced food access to engage in alternative opportunities for food production. </s>" <s> Ypsilanti’s animal ordinance was amended to allow residents to be able to keep hens in the backyard of their property. The ordinance states that residents in single- and two-family residential neighborhoods can apply for a renewable permit and pay a permit fee to keep no more than four hens in their backyard. Chicken coops or enclosures must be placed at least 20 feet away from any residential structure not owned by the permittee, unless she or he obtains written permission from the owner of the affected residential structure. The ordinance also states that chicken feed must be properly stored to avoid rodent infestations and that permittees are prohibited from slaughtering hens on the property. Some U.S. cities have amended zoning to allow residents to keep backyard chickens with the intention of improving food access (Hodgson 2012). Ypsilanti’s backyard chicken ordinance allows for residents with reduced food access to engage in alternative opportunities for food production. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Every quarter for the last several years, I have presented a “Look Ahead” for the coming quarter during my committee meetings with institutional clients. I have summarized the presentation below, and provided a link to follow along with the full presentation. Many have called this a “jobless recovery” because it has been almost five years since it began, and we have only recovered half of the 9.8 million jobs lost. However, when you compare the loss of employment to other financial crises, it’s not that unusual. In fact, it’s actually been one of the smallest losses of employment during a financial crisis. The Federal Reserve can use all the monetary tools it wants, but at the end of the day, earnings drive prices. Despite the day-to-day volatility you see in the news, earnings are what matter over the long run when you are investing in equities. This is concerning because corporate earnings for the S&P 500 are expected to shrink by 2.7% this quarter. It would mark the end of an 11 quarter streak of earnings growth for the S&P 500. Further, expectations for next quarter might be too optimistic with a growth rate near double digits. If we go over the fiscal cliff in 2013, the economy is expected to contract by 2.9% in the first half of the year according the CBO. We don’t see that as the most likely outcome, and based on the performance of defense stocks (mentioned last week), the market doesn’t either. Overall the outlook for 2013 is similar to this year: low growth, low inflation, and continued high unemployment. You would generate an annualized return of about 5.67% since 1980 and 5.36% since 1948. However, if you stayed invested no matter what, you would generate an annualized return of 7.50% since 1980 and 7.01% since 1948. Almost 200bps of additional annualized return by simply staying invested. There are signs of stress as we look ahead this quarter, but it’s important for you to put this in the context of the time horizon of your portfolio. If you’re a foundation, endowment, or pension then you can probably look past short term volatility as you have a perpetual investment mandate. If you’re an individual or family then you need to consistently be recalibrating your portfolio to account for the changes in your investment time horizon and liquidity needs. Generating returns involves taking risks and time is a key component in shaping those risks. Of course, if you think the world will end in 66 days with the Mayan Calendar on December 21, 2012 then you might want to sell everything anyway and have fun with the money. If you have questions or comments please let us know as we always appreciate your feedback. You can get in touch with us via Twitter, Facebook, or you can Email me directly. </s>" <s> Every quarter for the last several years, I have presented a “Look Ahead” for the coming quarter during my committee meetings with institutional clients. I have summarized the presentation below, and provided a link to follow along with the full presentation. Many have called this a “jobless recovery” because it has been almost five years since it began, and we have only recovered half of the 9.8 million jobs lost. However, when you compare the loss of employment to other financial crises, it’s not that unusual. In fact, it’s actually been one of the smallest losses of employment during a financial crisis. The Federal Reserve can use all the monetary tools it wants, but at the end of the day, earnings drive prices. Despite the day-to-day volatility you see in the news, earnings are what matter over the long run when you are investing in equities. This is concerning because corporate earnings for the S&P 500 are expected to shrink by 2.7% this quarter. It would mark the end of an 11 quarter streak of earnings growth for the S&P 500. Further, expectations for next quarter might be too optimistic with a growth rate near double digits. If we go over the fiscal cliff in 2013, the economy is expected to contract by 2.9% in the first half of the year according the CBO. We don’t see that as the most likely outcome, and based on the performance of defense stocks (mentioned last week), the market doesn’t either. Overall the outlook for 2013 is similar to this year: low growth, low inflation, and continued high unemployment. You would generate an annualized return of about 5.67% since 1980 and 5.36% since 1948. However, if you stayed invested no matter what, you would generate an annualized return of 7.50% since 1980 and 7.01% since 1948. Almost 200bps of additional annualized return by simply staying invested. There are signs of stress as we look ahead this quarter, but it’s important for you to put this in the context of the time horizon of your portfolio. If you’re a foundation, endowment, or pension then you can probably look past short term volatility as you have a perpetual investment mandate. If you’re an individual or family then you need to consistently be recalibrating your portfolio to account for the changes in your investment time horizon and liquidity needs. Generating returns involves taking risks and time is a key component in shaping those risks. Of course, if you think the world will end in 66 days with the Mayan Calendar on December 21, 2012 then you might want to sell everything anyway and have fun with the money. If you have questions or comments please let us know as we always appreciate your feedback. You can get in touch with us via Twitter, Facebook, or you can Email me directly. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> XIMENES, Ricardo A. A.; FIGUEIREDO, Gerusa M. ; CARDOSO, Maria Regina A.; STEIN, Airton T.; MOREIRA, Regina C.; CORAL, Gabriela; CRESPO, Deborah; SANTOS, Alex A. dos; MONTARROYOS, Ulisses R.; BRAGA, Maria Cynthia; PEREIRA, Leila M. M. B. A population-based hepatitis survey was carried out to estimate the prevalence of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and its predictive factors for the state capitals from the north, south, and southeast regions of Brazil. A multistage cluster sampling was used to select, successively, census tracts, blocks, households, and residents in the age group 10-69 years in each state capital. The prevalence of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) was lower than 1% in the north, southeast, and south regions. Socioeconomic condition was associated with HBV infection in north and south regions. Variables related to the blood route transmission were associated with HBV infection only in the south whereas those related to sexual behavior were associated with HBV infection in the north and south regions. Drug use was associated in all regions, but the type of drug differed. The findings presented herein highlight the diversity of the potential transmission routes for hepatitis B transmission in Brazil. In one hand, it reinforces the importance of national control strategies of large impact already in course (immunization of infants, adolescents, and adults up to 49 years of age and blood supply screening). On the other hand, it shows that there is still room for further control measures targeted to different groups within each region. </s>" <s> XIMENES, Ricardo A. A.; FIGUEIREDO, Gerusa M. ; CARDOSO, Maria Regina A.; STEIN, Airton T.; MOREIRA, Regina C.; CORAL, Gabriela; CRESPO, Deborah; SANTOS, Alex A. dos; MONTARROYOS, Ulisses R.; BRAGA, Maria Cynthia; PEREIRA, Leila M. M. B. A population-based hepatitis survey was carried out to estimate the prevalence of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and its predictive factors for the state capitals from the north, south, and southeast regions of Brazil. A multistage cluster sampling was used to select, successively, census tracts, blocks, households, and residents in the age group 10-69 years in each state capital. The prevalence of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) was lower than 1% in the north, southeast, and south regions. Socioeconomic condition was associated with HBV infection in north and south regions. Variables related to the blood route transmission were associated with HBV infection only in the south whereas those related to sexual behavior were associated with HBV infection in the north and south regions. Drug use was associated in all regions, but the type of drug differed. The findings presented herein highlight the diversity of the potential transmission routes for hepatitis B transmission in Brazil. In one hand, it reinforces the importance of national control strategies of large impact already in course (immunization of infants, adolescents, and adults up to 49 years of age and blood supply screening). On the other hand, it shows that there is still room for further control measures targeted to different groups within each region. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> great teacher. never got an a in a single english class EVER until i took his class. i took him for honors english 075 and 076 and i would take him again!!! great teacher, take him now before it fills up! So I had this class at 8:10 AM & it wasn't simple but it was worth it. He is a VERY great teacher & there is not as much work compared to the other English profs. It's an simple A....but sometimes he does take attendance so I would go. Also he is willing to except late work but just don't make it a habit. TAKE HIM! This prof. was great. He kept us interested with different discussions. Attendance was accommodating so he could get to know you. A lot of people received As in this class. Do not buy the book!! Dr. Morris was the easiest english teacher i've ever had in my life. But at the same time he taught me a lot that my earlier english teachers failed to introduce me to. I'm an English major and he makes me glad to be one. Go to class, you'll want to, you'll have discussions like a family round the dinner table. simple grader, Great Teacher, TAKE HIM! </s>" <s> great teacher. never got an a in a single english class EVER until i took his class. i took him for honors english 075 and 076 and i would take him again!!! great teacher, take him now before it fills up! So I had this class at 8:10 AM & it wasn't simple but it was worth it. He is a VERY great teacher & there is not as much work compared to the other English profs. It's an simple A....but sometimes he does take attendance so I would go. Also he is willing to except late work but just don't make it a habit. TAKE HIM! This prof. was great. He kept us interested with different discussions. Attendance was accommodating so he could get to know you. A lot of people received As in this class. Do not buy the book!! Dr. Morris was the easiest english teacher i've ever had in my life. But at the same time he taught me a lot that my earlier english teachers failed to introduce me to. I'm an English major and he makes me glad to be one. Go to class, you'll want to, you'll have discussions like a family round the dinner table. simple grader, Great Teacher, TAKE HIM! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> London 2017 has today confirmed that Sally Bolton is leaving her post as Managing Director for personal reasons. Bolton, who joined the organisation in May 2014, has overseen the successful navigation through the early phases of the championship planning. She said: ""I'm incredibly proud of the work that has been completed in achieving the early milestones that lay the foundations for the events success. ""I wish the team well in what is going to be an exciting 18 months, and I look forward to seeing some amazing sport take place at next year's championships."" London 2017 Chair Ed Warner said: ""Sally has successfully laid the foundations for what will be the best ever World Championships next year and we wish her well for the future."" </s>" <s> London 2017 has today confirmed that Sally Bolton is leaving her post as Managing Director for personal reasons. Bolton, who joined the organisation in May 2014, has overseen the successful navigation through the early phases of the championship planning. She said: """I'm" incredibly proud of the work that has been completed in achieving the early milestones that lay the foundations for the events success. """I" wish the team well in what is going to be an exciting 18 months, and I look forward to seeing some amazing sport take place at next year's "championships.""" London 2017 Chair Ed Warner said: """Sally" has successfully laid the foundations for what will be the best ever World Championships next year and we wish her well for the "future.""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Following the recent rollout of the January security patch, several Pixel and Pixel 2 users reported that they were experiencing lag, which is rather uncharacteristic of the high-end devices from Google. The issues included slow animations and longer app launch times, on devices where the patch was installed manually. Once the update was sideloaded manually, devices took several minutes for the first boot up, with the phone stuck on a blank white screen which follows the boot animation. After the devices booted up, users also noticed another loading bar before the homescreen and apps could be accessed. Even after the sluggish boot, users reported a notable delay between tapping on an app icon and the app opening up. Some apps, like Gmail, encountered more loading screens before messages became accessible. However, there may be a rather simple fix for the reported issues. Several users have suggested that rebooting the device results in normal, lag free operation, however, others noted that the ‘Finishing Android update’ notification reappears once the device is rebooted and they had to wait for a couple of minutes before the device functioned normally. Google has since confirmed the issue and has stated that sideloading the January security patch was the main reason behind the lag. Users who did not sideload the patch and waited for the OTA update instead faced no lag issues. </s>" <s> Following the recent rollout of the January security patch, several Pixel and Pixel 2 users reported that they were experiencing lag, which is rather uncharacteristic of the high-end devices from Google. The issues included slow animations and longer app launch times, on devices where the patch was installed manually. Once the update was sideloaded manually, devices took several minutes for the first boot up, with the phone stuck on a blank white screen which follows the boot animation. After the devices booted up, users also noticed another loading bar before the homescreen and apps could be accessed. Even after the sluggish boot, users reported a notable delay between tapping on an app icon and the app opening up. Some apps, like Gmail, encountered more loading screens before messages became accessible. However, there may be a rather simple fix for the reported issues. Several users have suggested that rebooting the device results in normal, lag free operation, however, others noted that the ‘Finishing Android update’ notification reappears once the device is rebooted and they had to wait for a couple of minutes before the device functioned normally. Google has since confirmed the issue and has stated that sideloading the January security patch was the main reason behind the lag. Users who did not sideload the patch and waited for the OTA update instead faced no lag issues. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> This week I'm celebrating a NCTE things! I'm in Boston at the NCTE conference and have some bits of the experience to share so far! Ruth and I were on the same flight! I was celebrating being with her and her colleague, Deb and a few others from near Chicago as we headed to Boston. I'm still celebrating Celebrating Writers and thinking so much about writing. I've been very reflective lately and it's encouraging to be here at NCTE and hear so much about great ideas in writing and to be surrounded by other writers - published and unpublished. It's invigorating! Boston! Boston is a great city and I love being able to visit again! Kellee and I presented with Beth Shaum and Audrey Vernick on using non-fiction picture books with secondary students. It was a celebration for me to work with Kellee again and to work with Beth and Audrey. I'm so glad to have been able to collaborate with these wonderfully intelligent women. </s>" <s> This week I'm celebrating a NCTE things! I'm in Boston at the NCTE conference and have some bits of the experience to share so far! Ruth and I were on the same flight! I was celebrating being with her and her colleague, Deb and a few others from near Chicago as we headed to Boston. I'm still celebrating Celebrating Writers and thinking so much about writing. I've been very reflective lately and it's encouraging to be here at NCTE and hear so much about great ideas in writing and to be surrounded by other writers - published and unpublished. It's invigorating! Boston! Boston is a great city and I love being able to visit again! Kellee and I presented with Beth Shaum and Audrey Vernick on using non-fiction picture books with secondary students. It was a celebration for me to work with Kellee again and to work with Beth and Audrey. I'm so glad to have been able to collaborate with these wonderfully intelligent women. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> If you prefer to count down the 24 days to Christmas in a slightly more original way, steer clear of the chocolate advents in the supermarkets this year and make your own. With a couple of hours, a few crafty supplies and a little creativity, you’ll have a unique count-down calendar that doubles as a Chrissy decoration. And it’s totally up to you what little gift you put inside (although, to be honest, you’re quite space-limited!). These ones were stuck to the wall in a Christmas tree shape with enough room in-between each box to slide open the ‘drawer’ to find a surprise tiny tree ornament inside. You could fill with little notes or wishes, jokes, lollies, choccies, small gifts or coins. Other crafty supplies – glitter, cutters, confetti, cut-outs. You’re limited by your imagination. Work out a pattern on the floor – the boxes in this formation were mixed up between vertical and horizontal for interest and more flexibility in the decorations on the front. Now get decorating! Vary using rub-ons and your own handwriting to date the boxes and use a similar colourway on all boxes in a range of different materials for a cohesive look. Once done, fill the boxes and stick to the wall with 3M removable tape or blutac and enjoy the nightly countdown ritual! </s>" <s> If you prefer to count down the 24 days to Christmas in a slightly more original way, steer clear of the chocolate advents in the supermarkets this year and make your own. With a couple of hours, a few crafty supplies and a little creativity, you’ll have a unique count-down calendar that doubles as a Chrissy decoration. And it’s totally up to you what little gift you put inside (although, to be honest, you’re quite space-limited!). These ones were stuck to the wall in a Christmas tree shape with enough room in-between each box to slide open the ‘drawer’ to find a surprise tiny tree ornament inside. You could fill with little notes or wishes, jokes, lollies, choccies, small gifts or coins. Other crafty supplies – glitter, cutters, confetti, cut-outs. You’re limited by your imagination. Work out a pattern on the floor – the boxes in this formation were mixed up between vertical and horizontal for interest and more flexibility in the decorations on the front. Now get decorating! Vary using rub-ons and your own handwriting to date the boxes and use a similar colourway on all boxes in a range of different materials for a cohesive look. Once done, fill the boxes and stick to the wall with 3M removable tape or blutac and enjoy the nightly countdown ritual! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> A common mole is a growth on the skin that develops when pigment cells (melanocytes) grow in clusters. Most adults have between 10 and 40 common moles. Another name for a mole is a nevus. The plural is nevi. Although common moles are not cancerous, people who have more than 50 common moles have an increased chance of developing melanoma. </s>" <s> A common mole is a growth on the skin that develops when pigment cells (melanocytes) grow in clusters. Most adults have between 10 and 40 common moles. Another name for a mole is a nevus. The plural is nevi. Although common moles are not cancerous, people who have more than 50 common moles have an increased chance of developing melanoma. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Cybersecurity is a major concern for businesses and individuals. Indeed, the tactics of hackers and cybercriminals grow more sophisticated by the year. Entities large and small — Target, Equifax, Sony, the U.S. government itself — have fallen victim to online breaches in security. It appears that no one is invulnerable. Conaway & Strickler P.C. is uniquely prepared to assist. Our firm provides support in matters concerning data privacy, data protection and cybersecurity. Founding attorney Meg Strickler currently serves as the co-chair of the iTechlaw Cyber Crime Committee. In this capacity, she works closely with firms across the globe on issues regarding cutting-edge cybersecurity issues, and remains closely informed on the ever-changing regulatory landscape. She is widely recognized as a leading practitioner in this area of law, and understands how to protect her clients and produce positive legal outcomes. A cybersecurity breach can have disastrous consequences. Private information or intellectual property might be leaked to competitors or the public. At times, an attack will directly target a company's finances. Accounts are pilfered; credit lines and public trust deteriorate. The path to recovery can prove arduous. Our firm is adept in helping firms strengthen their online security systems, and in quickly managing the fallout after a breach. We work closely with forensic experts worldwide to ensure you and your company are protected. If an attack has occurred, we are able to offer qualified counsel, working efficiently to determine its source, curtail the effects and, when possible, pursue the offenders. Likewise, our firm can help implement successful compliance monitoring to ensure ongoing security. To learn more, reach out to our firm. You can call us at 404-445-6486 or contact us online. With headquarters in Atlanta and New York, we serve clients around the world. </s>" <s> Cybersecurity is a major concern for businesses and individuals. Indeed, the tactics of hackers and cybercriminals grow more sophisticated by the year. Entities large and small — Target, Equifax, Sony, the U.S. government itself — have fallen victim to online breaches in security. It appears that no one is invulnerable. Conaway & Strickler P.C. is uniquely prepared to assist. Our firm provides support in matters concerning data privacy, data protection and cybersecurity. Founding attorney Meg Strickler currently serves as the co-chair of the iTechlaw Cyber Crime Committee. In this capacity, she works closely with firms across the globe on issues regarding cutting-edge cybersecurity issues, and remains closely informed on the ever-changing regulatory landscape. She is widely recognized as a leading practitioner in this area of law, and understands how to protect her clients and produce positive legal outcomes. A cybersecurity breach can have disastrous consequences. Private information or intellectual property might be leaked to competitors or the public. At times, an attack will directly target a company's finances. Accounts are pilfered; credit lines and public trust deteriorate. The path to recovery can prove arduous. Our firm is adept in helping firms strengthen their online security systems, and in quickly managing the fallout after a breach. We work closely with forensic experts worldwide to ensure you and your company are protected. If an attack has occurred, we are able to offer qualified counsel, working efficiently to determine its source, curtail the effects and, when possible, pursue the offenders. Likewise, our firm can help implement successful compliance monitoring to ensure ongoing security. To learn more, reach out to our firm. You can call us at 404-445-6486 or contact us online. With headquarters in Atlanta and New York, we serve clients around the world. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> ICES leads cutting-edge studies that evaluate health care delivery and population outcomes. ICES researchers access a vast and secure array of Ontario’s demographic and health-related data, including population-based health surveys, anonymous patient records, and clinical and administrative databases. ICES is located on the campus of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto. We also support satellite sites at Queen's University (ICES Queen's), the University of Ottawa (ICES uOttawa), the University of Toronto (ICES UofT), Western University (ICES Western) and McMaster University (ICES McMaster). A sixth satellite site opened in 2018 at the Health Sciences North Research Institute in Sudbury in partnership with Laurentian University and the Northern Ontario School of Medicine (ICES North). What kind of data does ICES hold? ICES data is an inventory of coded and linkable health data sets. It encompasses much of the publicly funded administrative health services records for the Ontario population eligible for universal health coverage since 1986. In 2013, this includes health service records for almost 13 million people. The breadth and scope of ICES data is the foundational resource for creating unbiased evidence to drive health system policy, planning and evaluation. It also supports hundreds of research projects each year undertaken by researchers across the province. Does ICES partner with other organizations? Collaboration and partnerships are the key to driving successful research initiatives and achieving positive change. To expand the scope and impact of health services research in Canada, ICES has forged partnerships across a diverse network of scientists, stakeholder organizations and representatives of provincial and national health care organizations. In addition, many ICES scientists serve on research committees, programs and task forces at the local, provincial, national and international levels. How is ICES permitted to receive and use personal health information? ICES is one of a handful of organizations in Ontario that have been specially designated to receive and use data under the province’s Personal Health Information Protection Act. The designation is granted by the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario (IPC) and is subject to ongoing IPC oversight and renewal every three years. How does ICES maintain the privacy and confidentiality of personal health information? ICES deploys a variety of measures to protect the information entrusted to it. Physical security controls, technological safeguards such as data encryption, and a robust framework of policies and procedures work together to protect information. What type of research is done at ICES? Research opportunities span a wide range of topics and disciplines including drug safety and effectiveness, health system performance, mental health and addictions services, and chronic diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. What is the impact of ICES research? ICES research results in an evidence base that is published as atlases, investigative reports and peer-reviewed papers, and is used to guide decision-making and inform changes in health care policy and delivery. Many ICES reports are undertaken to answer specific questions (known as Applied Health Research Questions) posed by health-system stakeholders and policy-makers. ICES research is used to guide decision-making and influence the design, implementation and evaluation of health policy and the delivery of health care. ICES is a community of research, data and clinical experts. Many ICES scientists are internationally recognized for their work, and a number of them are practicing physicians who understand the everyday challenges of health care delivery. Our scientists lead multidisciplinary teams that include expert statisticians and epidemiologists, as well as specialists in knowledge translation, information security and privacy, and information technology. The diversity within these teams and their expertise in using ICES’ comprehensive array of linked data sets are the foundation for our innovative approach to research. How many people work at ICES? More than 350 scientists and staff work at ICES sites across Ontario. ICES receives core funding from the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care. Our scientists have highly successful track records competing for peer-reviewed grants from federal agencies, such as the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, and from provincial and international funding bodies. However, ICES is an independent not-for-profit corporation, and takes pride in its international reputation as a trusted, impartial and credible source of high-quality health and health services research and evidence. Does ICES receive private sector funding? Is ICES part of another organization? No. ICES is an independent, non-profit organization, although many scientists affiliated with ICES have clinical and teaching appointments at hospitals and universities across Ontario and beyond. </s>" <s> ICES leads cutting-edge studies that evaluate health care delivery and population outcomes. ICES researchers access a vast and secure array of Ontario’s demographic and health-related data, including population-based health surveys, anonymous patient records, and clinical and administrative databases. ICES is located on the campus of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto. We also support satellite sites at Queen's University (ICES Queen's), the University of Ottawa (ICES uOttawa), the University of Toronto (ICES UofT), Western University (ICES Western) and McMaster University (ICES McMaster). A sixth satellite site opened in 2018 at the Health Sciences North Research Institute in Sudbury in partnership with Laurentian University and the Northern Ontario School of Medicine (ICES North). What kind of data does ICES hold? ICES data is an inventory of coded and linkable health data sets. It encompasses much of the publicly funded administrative health services records for the Ontario population eligible for universal health coverage since 1986. In 2013, this includes health service records for almost 13 million people. The breadth and scope of ICES data is the foundational resource for creating unbiased evidence to drive health system policy, planning and evaluation. It also supports hundreds of research projects each year undertaken by researchers across the province. Does ICES partner with other organizations? Collaboration and partnerships are the key to driving successful research initiatives and achieving positive change. To expand the scope and impact of health services research in Canada, ICES has forged partnerships across a diverse network of scientists, stakeholder organizations and representatives of provincial and national health care organizations. In addition, many ICES scientists serve on research committees, programs and task forces at the local, provincial, national and international levels. How is ICES permitted to receive and use personal health information? ICES is one of a handful of organizations in Ontario that have been specially designated to receive and use data under the province’s Personal Health Information Protection Act. The designation is granted by the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario (IPC) and is subject to ongoing IPC oversight and renewal every three years. How does ICES maintain the privacy and confidentiality of personal health information? ICES deploys a variety of measures to protect the information entrusted to it. Physical security controls, technological safeguards such as data encryption, and a robust framework of policies and procedures work together to protect information. What type of research is done at ICES? Research opportunities span a wide range of topics and disciplines including drug safety and effectiveness, health system performance, mental health and addictions services, and chronic diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. What is the impact of ICES research? ICES research results in an evidence base that is published as atlases, investigative reports and peer-reviewed papers, and is used to guide decision-making and inform changes in health care policy and delivery. Many ICES reports are undertaken to answer specific questions (known as Applied Health Research Questions) posed by health-system stakeholders and policy-makers. ICES research is used to guide decision-making and influence the design, implementation and evaluation of health policy and the delivery of health care. ICES is a community of research, data and clinical experts. Many ICES scientists are internationally recognized for their work, and a number of them are practicing physicians who understand the everyday challenges of health care delivery. Our scientists lead multidisciplinary teams that include expert statisticians and epidemiologists, as well as specialists in knowledge translation, information security and privacy, and information technology. The diversity within these teams and their expertise in using ICES’ comprehensive array of linked data sets are the foundation for our innovative approach to research. How many people work at ICES? More than 350 scientists and staff work at ICES sites across Ontario. ICES receives core funding from the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care. Our scientists have highly successful track records competing for peer-reviewed grants from federal agencies, such as the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, and from provincial and international funding bodies. However, ICES is an independent not-for-profit corporation, and takes pride in its international reputation as a trusted, impartial and credible source of high-quality health and health services research and evidence. Does ICES receive private sector funding? Is ICES part of another organization? No. ICES is an independent, non-profit organization, although many scientists affiliated with ICES have clinical and teaching appointments at hospitals and universities across Ontario and beyond. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Imagine attending an event featuring a speaker or performer you absolutely revere: someone you nearly idolize. Now imagine gathering the courage to approach them and ask for a favor or opportunity. Go ahead, close your eyes and visualize this big break as though it's happening right now. How likely are you to put yourself on the line like that? You may be thinking: I would never have the nerve, or, what if he said no? Choose your excuse du jour--because I know you have one. Setting all excuses and doubts aside, who would you choose to approach for a few words of wisdom or guidance if you could? What if I challenged you to initiate contact with this über successful, even untouchable person today? Would you brush it off, thinking it's impossible? Don't do that! These opportunities are more readily available than you may believe. The problem is that most people won't pursue them. But what have you got to lose? What's a little risk compared to the challenges that you've already faced? That's what one brave teen may have been thinking just a few months ago when he took the chance of a lifetime. During a Q&A at Vanderbilt University, freshman Michael Pollack took a huge emotional risk by asking Billy Joel, his childhood idol, for an opportunity that would change his life forever. Motivated by his student peers, Pollack stood up, voice quivering, and asked if he could accompany Joel on the piano during one of the classics, ""New York State of Mind."" To his surprise, Joel agreed. Pollack raced to the stage without looking back. After a mind-blowing performance that's since had more than one million YouTube viewers, Joel told the audience to never forget the name Michael Pollack. Since then Pollack's story has been featured on major network morning and entertainment shows, picked up by Rolling Stone, and has landed him his first-ever music contract. All because Pollack went beyond the fear and took a chance on a dream. Now, you may not aspire to sharing the stage with a well-known celebrity, but how about sharing a meaningful conversation with someone of celebrity status in your personal or business world? Think big--what's your ask? How might a little help from someone who may have once been in your shoes affect your life? Sound intriguing? Then why not lay the groundwork today? Consider these five strategies to bring a celebrity mentor into your life. Remember, it may take months or longer, but one of your personal idols is likely to come through if you're willing to take the risk. 1. Choose your celebrity-mentor targets. You may have one true hero, but it's wise to have more than one person in mind. Who knows, you may not get an answer from Sir Richard Branson, but what about someone who's achieved phenomenal success in your industry? Or someone who has overcome a huge challenge similar to something you might be facing? Be prepared with the most meaningful question that you could possibly ask. What is one way your proposed mentor could make a difference in your life? Perhaps a simple retweet from this person would make all the difference to your business. Or, they may be able to connect you with someone you need to know. Make a list of the possibilities and reach for the stars! 3. Put yourself on the playing field. Where does your celebrity mentor hang out? That's where you want to be. You could follow Pollack's lead and buy a ticket to an event where he or she is scheduled to speak. If that's not possible, at least follow and interact with your idol on social media. You'd be surprised at the number of successful people who do their own social updates. Is it possible to find out who their personal assistant is? If you can get through the gatekeeper the world is your oyster! 4. Look in your own backyard. One of my celebrity mentors is Jack Canfield. But I once questioned how would I ever get someone of Canfield's stature to spend time with me? It was easy. I went through my entire list of contacts and approached everyone who I thought might know someone who knows someone. I hit pay dirt when one of the experts I had interviewed introduced me to Canfield's assistant. After a brief email exchange, she was more than happy to arrange a meeting. I learned more in 90 minutes with Canfield than I ever could have imagined! 5. Don't take it personally. Let's face it: when we reach for the stars we have to jump pretty high. Not all of them are going to be within reach. That's OK! You may not get a response from your ideal celebrity mentor, but increase the odds of success by bouncing back fast: don't let the disappointment get to you. Just doing this exercise will increase your confidence by taking you beyond the boundaries of your comfort zone. </s>" <s> Imagine attending an event featuring a speaker or performer you absolutely revere: someone you nearly idolize. Now imagine gathering the courage to approach them and ask for a favor or opportunity. Go ahead, close your eyes and visualize this big break as though it's happening right now. How likely are you to put yourself on the line like that? You may be thinking: I would never have the nerve, or, what if he said no? Choose your excuse du jour--because I know you have one. Setting all excuses and doubts aside, who would you choose to approach for a few words of wisdom or guidance if you could? What if I challenged you to initiate contact with this über successful, even untouchable person today? Would you brush it off, thinking it's impossible? Don't do that! These opportunities are more readily available than you may believe. The problem is that most people won't pursue them. But what have you got to lose? What's a little risk compared to the challenges that you've already faced? That's what one brave teen may have been thinking just a few months ago when he took the chance of a lifetime. During a Q&A at Vanderbilt University, freshman Michael Pollack took a huge emotional risk by asking Billy Joel, his childhood idol, for an opportunity that would change his life forever. Motivated by his student peers, Pollack stood up, voice quivering, and asked if he could accompany Joel on the piano during one of the classics, """New" York State of "Mind.""" To his surprise, Joel agreed. Pollack raced to the stage without looking back. After a mind-blowing performance that's since had more than one million YouTube viewers, Joel told the audience to never forget the name Michael Pollack. Since then Pollack's story has been featured on major network morning and entertainment shows, picked up by Rolling Stone, and has landed him his first-ever music contract. All because Pollack went beyond the fear and took a chance on a dream. Now, you may not aspire to sharing the stage with a well-known celebrity, but how about sharing a meaningful conversation with someone of celebrity status in your personal or business world? Think big--what's your ask? How might a little help from someone who may have once been in your shoes affect your life? Sound intriguing? Then why not lay the groundwork today? Consider these five strategies to bring a celebrity mentor into your life. Remember, it may take months or longer, but one of your personal idols is likely to come through if you're willing to take the risk. 1. Choose your celebrity-mentor targets. You may have one true hero, but it's wise to have more than one person in mind. Who knows, you may not get an answer from Sir Richard Branson, but what about someone who's achieved phenomenal success in your industry? Or someone who has overcome a huge challenge similar to something you might be facing? Be prepared with the most meaningful question that you could possibly ask. What is one way your proposed mentor could make a difference in your life? Perhaps a simple retweet from this person would make all the difference to your business. Or, they may be able to connect you with someone you need to know. Make a list of the possibilities and reach for the stars! 3. Put yourself on the playing field. Where does your celebrity mentor hang out? That's where you want to be. You could follow Pollack's lead and buy a ticket to an event where he or she is scheduled to speak. If that's not possible, at least follow and interact with your idol on social media. You'd be surprised at the number of successful people who do their own social updates. Is it possible to find out who their personal assistant is? If you can get through the gatekeeper the world is your oyster! 4. Look in your own backyard. One of my celebrity mentors is Jack Canfield. But I once questioned how would I ever get someone of Canfield's stature to spend time with me? It was easy. I went through my entire list of contacts and approached everyone who I thought might know someone who knows someone. I hit pay dirt when one of the experts I had interviewed introduced me to Canfield's assistant. After a brief email exchange, she was more than happy to arrange a meeting. I learned more in 90 minutes with Canfield than I ever could have imagined! 5. Don't take it personally. Let's face it: when we reach for the stars we have to jump pretty high. Not all of them are going to be within reach. That's OK! You may not get a response from your ideal celebrity mentor, but increase the odds of success by bouncing back fast: don't let the disappointment get to you. Just doing this exercise will increase your confidence by taking you beyond the boundaries of your comfort zone. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> This small tree-like Cactus has bright spring flowers that look like Roses. Not as spiny as other Chollas but watch out just the same! Makes a beautiful tough desert accent. Very water efficient, avid watering during winter. </s>" <s> This small tree-like Cactus has bright spring flowers that look like Roses. Not as spiny as other Chollas but watch out just the same! Makes a beautiful tough desert accent. Very water efficient, avid watering during winter. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> A track I've been waiting and hoping that Roy would do. It's just perfect, and the steel guitar is just magical. Well done. </s>" <s> A track I've been waiting and hoping that Roy would do. It's just perfect, and the steel guitar is just magical. Well done. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Leahy Will Not Address Racism, but We Can | BANG. This past December, the racist vandalism scrawled across the walls of Welch Hall rattled our campus. It was a vicious attack against BC’s black community and a clear reflection of our country’s current political turmoil. Students were left shocked and angry; they turned to Father Leahy looking for a statement condemning Michael Sorkin’s (CSOM ‘21) racist actions, but nothing has been heard from our President. This narrative of unjust actions that are met with silence is a familiar one. Our student body was met with the same silence in the fall of 2017 when the racist snapchat incident occurred, and Black Lives Matter signs were defaced, inciting the Silence is Still Violence March. The lack of response from our President itself speaks volumes—evidently, Father Leahy values appeasing donors over the safety of his own students. In doing so, the message is sent that Black students are lesser than others and are not valued at this school. And although Black students make up only 4% of our student body, they are just as important to Boston College as the other 96%. I believe that the lack of a statement from Father Leahy goes against the Jesuit ideals that BC is founded upon. But at what point does the blame shift from Father Leahy to the student body? Certainly, a statement from our President is necessary following terrible incidents such as Sorkin’s vandalism. The safety of students at BC should be the University’s top priority; however, at this moment in time, it seems that this is not a pressing concern for the top administration. And yes, a statement from Father Leahy is an important step in alleviating racial tensions on our campus. I believe, however, that after we have constantly been met with silence, it is our duty as allies to take matters into our own hands. It is a cowardly thing for one to believe that since Sorkin’s racial actions did not affect them directly, they do not need to stand up against the injustices themselves. We know that it is highly unlikely that we will ever receive a statement from Father Leahy in regards to racist incidents on our campus, so it is futile to demand one. We protested last year, and not much changed. Though the administration did introduce Diversity EDU as a result, it wasn’t as effective as it intended to be, given the racist incidents that occurred in the fall. Though UGBC and other student groups are pushing the administration for change with great effort, it is likely that change will come slowly. Thus, it is the job of the greater student body to prevent the pressing issue of racism from falling to the wayside. It is a new semester, and it is up to all students, not just Black students, to continue having the hard, necessary conversations and extending allyship to our Black community. We can blame Leahy all we want—and to a certain extent, the lack of a statement fuels the hostile racial climate at BC— but at a certain point we have to stop waiting for some sort of divine intervention and take action ourselves. BC’s non-black students who identify as allies need to stand together. Our Black peers do not feel safe in a place that is supposed to be their home, and we need to do better. It should not take an incident like what happened on December 9th of last year in order for us to speak up, and just because the immediate effects have “blown over” does not mean that this issue has gone away. Whether it is educating yourself on racial matters or calling out peers in difficult situations, our student body needs to step up to ensure that Black students feel safe on BC’s campus. This movement should have a top down approach, with Father Leahy leading by example, but in the meantime while we wait indefinitely for his statement, it is crucial for our student body to not let the racism on our campus go unchecked. </s>" <s> Leahy Will Not Address Racism, but We Can | BANG. This past December, the racist vandalism scrawled across the walls of Welch Hall rattled our campus. It was a vicious attack against BC’s black community and a clear reflection of our country’s current political turmoil. Students were left shocked and angry; they turned to Father Leahy looking for a statement condemning Michael Sorkin’s (CSOM ‘21) racist actions, but nothing has been heard from our President. This narrative of unjust actions that are met with silence is a familiar one. Our student body was met with the same silence in the fall of 2017 when the racist snapchat incident occurred, and Black Lives Matter signs were defaced, inciting the Silence is Still Violence March. The lack of response from our President itself speaks volumes—evidently, Father Leahy values appeasing donors over the safety of his own students. In doing so, the message is sent that Black students are lesser than others and are not valued at this school. And although Black students make up only 4% of our student body, they are just as important to Boston College as the other 96%. I believe that the lack of a statement from Father Leahy goes against the Jesuit ideals that BC is founded upon. But at what point does the blame shift from Father Leahy to the student body? Certainly, a statement from our President is necessary following terrible incidents such as Sorkin’s vandalism. The safety of students at BC should be the University’s top priority; however, at this moment in time, it seems that this is not a pressing concern for the top administration. And yes, a statement from Father Leahy is an important step in alleviating racial tensions on our campus. I believe, however, that after we have constantly been met with silence, it is our duty as allies to take matters into our own hands. It is a cowardly thing for one to believe that since Sorkin’s racial actions did not affect them directly, they do not need to stand up against the injustices themselves. We know that it is highly unlikely that we will ever receive a statement from Father Leahy in regards to racist incidents on our campus, so it is futile to demand one. We protested last year, and not much changed. Though the administration did introduce Diversity EDU as a result, it wasn’t as effective as it intended to be, given the racist incidents that occurred in the fall. Though UGBC and other student groups are pushing the administration for change with great effort, it is likely that change will come slowly. Thus, it is the job of the greater student body to prevent the pressing issue of racism from falling to the wayside. It is a new semester, and it is up to all students, not just Black students, to continue having the hard, necessary conversations and extending allyship to our Black community. We can blame Leahy all we want—and to a certain extent, the lack of a statement fuels the hostile racial climate at BC— but at a certain point we have to stop waiting for some sort of divine intervention and take action ourselves. BC’s non-black students who identify as allies need to stand together. Our Black peers do not feel safe in a place that is supposed to be their home, and we need to do better. It should not take an incident like what happened on December 9th of last year in order for us to speak up, and just because the immediate effects have “blown over” does not mean that this issue has gone away. Whether it is educating yourself on racial matters or calling out peers in difficult situations, our student body needs to step up to ensure that Black students feel safe on BC’s campus. This movement should have a top down approach, with Father Leahy leading by example, but in the meantime while we wait indefinitely for his statement, it is crucial for our student body to not let the racism on our campus go unchecked. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> York Theatre Royal took the Commercial/Community/Public/Educational – Large category award, competing with seven other entrants. The theatre also took The Press People’s Award where local residents vote for the scheme which ‘delights’ them most. York Theatre Royal was among 33 buildings competing in six different categories in the Design Awards whose aim it is to encourage and promote excellence in design and conservation. The theatre site in St Leonard’s Place has been occupied since the mid-18th century with a number of alterations being made over the years. The most significant was made by Patrick Gwynne in 1967, with its iconic mushroom columns, free flowing space and futuristic skylights – a legacy to the modern movement at the beginning of the 20th century. Every stage of the latest redevelopment undertaken by York Citizens Theatres Trust and York Conservation Trust, was carefully designed to harmonise with the Grade II* listed building and its beautiful patchwork of architectural styles. The refurbishment has created additional space urgently needed in order to appeal to and engage a wider community, bring more people into the building and create the opportunity to increase revenue, enabling the theatre to be more financially resilient in the future. Staff, Youth Theatre members, audience and general public were among those who determined the changes needed to improve the visitor experience. The project was funded by Arts Council England, City of York Council and York Conservation Trust with generous grants and donations from local and national trusts and foundations, corporate and individual supporters. A further £215,000 was raised through a public fundraising campaign. </s>" <s> York Theatre Royal took the Commercial/Community/Public/Educational – Large category award, competing with seven other entrants. The theatre also took The Press People’s Award where local residents vote for the scheme which ‘delights’ them most. York Theatre Royal was among 33 buildings competing in six different categories in the Design Awards whose aim it is to encourage and promote excellence in design and conservation. The theatre site in St Leonard’s Place has been occupied since the mid-18th century with a number of alterations being made over the years. The most significant was made by Patrick Gwynne in 1967, with its iconic mushroom columns, free flowing space and futuristic skylights – a legacy to the modern movement at the beginning of the 20th century. Every stage of the latest redevelopment undertaken by York Citizens Theatres Trust and York Conservation Trust, was carefully designed to harmonise with the Grade II* listed building and its beautiful patchwork of architectural styles. The refurbishment has created additional space urgently needed in order to appeal to and engage a wider community, bring more people into the building and create the opportunity to increase revenue, enabling the theatre to be more financially resilient in the future. Staff, Youth Theatre members, audience and general public were among those who determined the changes needed to improve the visitor experience. The project was funded by Arts Council England, City of York Council and York Conservation Trust with generous grants and donations from local and national trusts and foundations, corporate and individual supporters. A further £215,000 was raised through a public fundraising campaign. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> ""One of the best tools for the business"" I do a lot of old school email marketing. This software has been invaluable for me. Updates please. I hope the developer continues to improve this app, fantastic idea. NOTE: Fix for International Character Sets. </s>" <s> """One" of the best tools for the "business""" I do a lot of old school email marketing. This software has been invaluable for me. Updates please. I hope the developer continues to improve this app, fantastic idea. NOTE: Fix for International Character Sets. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Happy 2015 to everyone out there. A recent law change has made a change to the workers’ compensation offset age. A prior post here discusses the basics of the offset. Currently, the Department of Labor & Industries takes the offset until a worker reaches age 62. Then the offset shifts to the Social Security Administration (SSA) at age 62. The change in the law is the age in which the offset reverts BACK to the Department of Labor & Industries. Previously, the offset switched back at age 65. Now, the offset from SSA will apply until the worker reaches their “full retirement age.” “Full retirement age” is currently 66 but it is gradually increasing to 67 for those born after 1958. You can find your “full retirement age” here. Questions? Let us know. </s>" <s> Happy 2015 to everyone out there. A recent law change has made a change to the workers’ compensation offset age. A prior post here discusses the basics of the offset. Currently, the Department of Labor & Industries takes the offset until a worker reaches age 62. Then the offset shifts to the Social Security Administration (SSA) at age 62. The change in the law is the age in which the offset reverts BACK to the Department of Labor & Industries. Previously, the offset switched back at age 65. Now, the offset from SSA will apply until the worker reaches their “full retirement age.” “Full retirement age” is currently 66 but it is gradually increasing to 67 for those born after 1958. You can find your “full retirement age” here. Questions? Let us know. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> When we reviewed the Asus Rog Strix Radeon RX 580 Gaming OC Edition two years ago we loved everything about it...except the $300 price tag. Prices have dropped since then, but today Newegg’s selling this graphics card for a cool $180Remove non-product link after a $30 mail-in rebate. This is a great time to get this triple-fan beast of a GPU, which excels at 1080p gaming with few visual compromises. Newegg’s sale ends on Monday, April 15. </s>" <s> When we reviewed the Asus Rog Strix Radeon RX 580 Gaming OC Edition two years ago we loved everything about it...except the $300 price tag. Prices have dropped since then, but today Newegg’s selling this graphics card for a cool $180Remove non-product link after a $30 mail-in rebate. This is a great time to get this triple-fan beast of a GPU, which excels at 1080p gaming with few visual compromises. Newegg’s sale ends on Monday, April 15. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Bunny Coloring Pages Free Printable Word For Adults Animals Easter Colouring published on coloring. which is part of the coloring collection. It’s full resolution is 585x400 Pixels. </s>" <s> Bunny Coloring Pages Free Printable Word For Adults Animals Easter Colouring published on coloring. which is part of the coloring collection. It’s full resolution is 585x400 Pixels. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> The subject property is located on the corner of Bear Valley Outer Highway South and Pecos Road in the Town of Apple Valley. The property offers a +/- 1,338 SF Commercial Building with a corner lot area of 18,360 SF. Offering Drive-Through capabilities, ample parking, great visibility and high daily traffic counts this is an ideal location for a neighborhood market or similar retail business. Property is offered for sale or for lease. I am interested in 21101 Bear Valley Road, Apple Valley, CA 92307. </s>" <s> The subject property is located on the corner of Bear Valley Outer Highway South and Pecos Road in the Town of Apple Valley. The property offers a +/- 1,338 SF Commercial Building with a corner lot area of 18,360 SF. Offering Drive-Through capabilities, ample parking, great visibility and high daily traffic counts this is an ideal location for a neighborhood market or similar retail business. Property is offered for sale or for lease. I am interested in 21101 Bear Valley Road, Apple Valley, CA 92307. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Lemongrass benefits: Purifying, stimulating & cleansing. Made with baking soda for those with NO SENSITIVITIES. Start with regular strength if you need more than sensitive but aren't at the gym all day. Our sensitive formula has NO BAKING SODA. The clay that replaces the baking soda neutralizes odor gently and effectively. </s>" <s> Lemongrass benefits: Purifying, stimulating & cleansing. Made with baking soda for those with NO SENSITIVITIES. Start with regular strength if you need more than sensitive but aren't at the gym all day. Our sensitive formula has NO BAKING SODA. The clay that replaces the baking soda neutralizes odor gently and effectively. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> We are happy to announce that Radio One Lebanon, has now re-branded as R1L. R1L has transformed over the years from being a local radio station to a world-wide media platform spanning the globe with a reach of over 200 countries. R1L has revolutionized the industry by combining Social Media, Entertainment and Broadcasting into a media channel connecting millions of people from across the globe. R1L’s goal is to provide real-time integrated entertainment whenever and wherever our listeners want. Challenged by a wealth of content, savvy consumers need a platform that allows them access to what THEY want! Our Facebook page does just that – it provides a tailored entertainment experience driven by our audience all over the world. R1L believes in the power of music and live dynamic entertainment to move, inspire, and bring the world together. Our listeners, online and on our Facebook page, are instant participants in their entertainment journey and help shape the content and tone of their own experience. R1L will continue to deliver your favorite hits as well as the most interesting and engaging content on social media. Thank you for your continued support and.....HAPPY SHARING! </s>" <s> We are happy to announce that Radio One Lebanon, has now re-branded as R1L. R1L has transformed over the years from being a local radio station to a world-wide media platform spanning the globe with a reach of over 200 countries. R1L has revolutionized the industry by combining Social Media, Entertainment and Broadcasting into a media channel connecting millions of people from across the globe. R1L’s goal is to provide real-time integrated entertainment whenever and wherever our listeners want. Challenged by a wealth of content, savvy consumers need a platform that allows them access to what THEY want! Our Facebook page does just that – it provides a tailored entertainment experience driven by our audience all over the world. R1L believes in the power of music and live dynamic entertainment to move, inspire, and bring the world together. Our listeners, online and on our Facebook page, are instant participants in their entertainment journey and help shape the content and tone of their own experience. R1L will continue to deliver your favorite hits as well as the most interesting and engaging content on social media. Thank you for your continued support and.....HAPPY SHARING! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> A little bit of pampering is always nice. Learn more about an event that made it extra special for some CTN families. ​In late September, CTN clients who receive Single Plan of Care Services were offered a unique pampering and spa experience with Glama Gals Tween Spa. Glama Gals provides full salon services, birthday parties, and monthly motivational workshops for girls in a positive and empowering environment. Local franchises in Vaughan, Newmarket and Barrie reached out to CTN to host a parent and child mini-salon experience. They have previously provided services for families connected with SickKids, The Starlight Foundation and Make-A-Wish Foundation. A total of 25 children/youth and 18 parents received mini-facials, mini-manis or mini-pedis at one of the three events. The evening was a night to remember, complete with cucumber eye masks, sparkly lotions and delicious smelling, all natural face creams! The families enjoyed a pizza party, cupcakes, and mocktail “pink-a-tini’s”. The Glama Gals staff provided an energetic, uplifting atmosphere that encouraged a positive self-image and being true to your unique self. Thank you to Glama Gals Tween Spa owners Josie and Laura for reaching out to offer of these exceptional services, as well as the Glama Gals staff for their contagious and upbeat attitudes that made each evening an incredible success. With the success of these three events, we hope to offer similar events in the spring. </s>" <s> A little bit of pampering is always nice. Learn more about an event that made it extra special for some CTN families. ​In late September, CTN clients who receive Single Plan of Care Services were offered a unique pampering and spa experience with Glama Gals Tween Spa. Glama Gals provides full salon services, birthday parties, and monthly motivational workshops for girls in a positive and empowering environment. Local franchises in Vaughan, Newmarket and Barrie reached out to CTN to host a parent and child mini-salon experience. They have previously provided services for families connected with SickKids, The Starlight Foundation and Make-A-Wish Foundation. A total of 25 children/youth and 18 parents received mini-facials, mini-manis or mini-pedis at one of the three events. The evening was a night to remember, complete with cucumber eye masks, sparkly lotions and delicious smelling, all natural face creams! The families enjoyed a pizza party, cupcakes, and mocktail “pink-a-tini’s”. The Glama Gals staff provided an energetic, uplifting atmosphere that encouraged a positive self-image and being true to your unique self. Thank you to Glama Gals Tween Spa owners Josie and Laura for reaching out to offer of these exceptional services, as well as the Glama Gals staff for their contagious and upbeat attitudes that made each evening an incredible success. With the success of these three events, we hope to offer similar events in the spring. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Therapeutic boarding schools for girls from or in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Help for adoption troubles, self-harm, eating disorders call: 406-847-5850 – therapeutic boarding schools and private therapeutic schools. Therapeutic boarding schools for girls from or in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Help for adoption troubles, self-harm, eating disorders call: 406-847-5850 – residential treatment center for girls and American military academies. Are You Seeking Therapeutic Boarding Schools in Tahlequah, OK for a Girl Misbehaving or Causing Self-Harm Due to Emotional Distress from Feelings of Abandonment (Adoption Issues) or a Major Loss or Trauma in Her Life? If your teenage girl is displaying bad behavior or is making harmful choices, Clearview Horizon may be a good option to consider as you research therapeutic boarding schools in Tahlequah, OK. While not in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, Clearview Horizon works with girls from your town in a beautiful facility in the mountains nearby the year-round resort town of Sandpoint, Idaho. The Clearview campus is intentionally located in a remote area because an important part of therapy is for the girl to be far away from influences, issues and similar surroundings so that she can put those out of her mind. It also discourages girls from considering connecting with peers and departing our campus. In a nutshell, Clearview Horizon is a therapeutic boarding school for teenage girls with life-controlling issues or inappropriate behaviors that may be threatening to their future. Our therapists work best with young women who are acting out or making poor decisions due to emotional stress originating from: major trauma or loss in their life, physical or mental abuse, death of a loved one, or attachment disorders related to adoption. We also specialize in eating disorders and self-harm. Girls who are having emotional and behavioral problems tend to be showing little progress in school. Our academic program is intentionally computer-based, assisted by a certified teacher, so that residents are able to get caught up and even get ahead in their academics while they are at Clearview. We also provide tutoring when necessary, and regular academic progress reports are provided to parents. Clearview emphasizes a healthy, nutritionally-balanced diet along with physical fitness, restful sleep and fun times; all designed to teach a healthy lifestyle. Girls participate in many recreational and fitness events during the year, as well as organized team sports. Our residents are also taken on regular overnight treks in the beautiful and rugged mountains of the Pacific Northwest. For spiritual support, residents are given encouragement and instruction by our Christian staff and can attend chapel services, but we also honor other faiths and will not force any faith on any resident or require them to participate in Christian services or studies. Young women in our care attend individual, group, and family therapy sessions with our staff of skilled professional counselors. Among our professional staff, we also have a Chemical Dependency Counselor for problems related to substance abuse, which often accompanies emotional upheaval or when teenagers self-medicate in an attempt to dull their emotional pain. Also, art therapy gives girls another way to release their emotions. And animal and equine therapy is a part of our therapy, featuring dogs and miniature horses. Finally, through round the clock interactions with our trained staff, the girls receive constant feedback and assistance in their thinking and actions. Girls come to our therapeutic boarding school from across the nation, including from Tahlequah, Oklahoma. We are proud of what our team of experts accomplishes with these young women, and we hope we have the privilege to also help your daughter. Will you take a few minutes now to browse through our website to learn more about our therapeutic boarding school for girls, even though we are not located in Tahlequah, OK. Also, read some of our many success stories and feel free to ask us for references you can call. Please Ask Us for More Information and the Fees for the Clearview Horizon Therapeutic Boarding School for Girls, though we are located in the Pacific Northwest, not in Tahlequah, OK. Excerpt about therapeutic boarding schools in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, used with permission from Wikipedia. Should you need help finding boarding schools, religious boarding schools, boarding schools or teen rehabs, please let us know. Clearview Horizon is a Christian therapeutic boarding school for troubled teenage girls offering teen counseling for girls with adoption issues (reactive attachment disorders), self-harm (self-mutilation) or cutting, or eating disorders (anorexia, bulimia, anorexia nervosa). Other behavioral issues and disorders we deal with include: defiance, depression, post traumatic stress, abuse, and general anxiety. If you have an out of control girl, please think about Clearview Horizon, a school for troubled girls that offers teen counseling and teen counselors for troubled girls. We offer counseling for troubled teens and out of control teens and especially work with RAD girls and adopted girls with emotional disorders. If you are searching for residential treatment centers for girls, troubled youth homes, troubled teen schools or troubled teen boarding schools, you have found one. Homes for troubled teens and boarding schools for teens don’t typically offer teen counseling and therapy, but we do. </s>" <s> Therapeutic boarding schools for girls from or in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Help for adoption troubles, self-harm, eating disorders call: 406-847-5850 – therapeutic boarding schools and private therapeutic schools. Therapeutic boarding schools for girls from or in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. Help for adoption troubles, self-harm, eating disorders call: 406-847-5850 – residential treatment center for girls and American military academies. Are You Seeking Therapeutic Boarding Schools in Tahlequah, OK for a Girl Misbehaving or Causing Self-Harm Due to Emotional Distress from Feelings of Abandonment (Adoption Issues) or a Major Loss or Trauma in Her Life? If your teenage girl is displaying bad behavior or is making harmful choices, Clearview Horizon may be a good option to consider as you research therapeutic boarding schools in Tahlequah, OK. While not in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, Clearview Horizon works with girls from your town in a beautiful facility in the mountains nearby the year-round resort town of Sandpoint, Idaho. The Clearview campus is intentionally located in a remote area because an important part of therapy is for the girl to be far away from influences, issues and similar surroundings so that she can put those out of her mind. It also discourages girls from considering connecting with peers and departing our campus. In a nutshell, Clearview Horizon is a therapeutic boarding school for teenage girls with life-controlling issues or inappropriate behaviors that may be threatening to their future. Our therapists work best with young women who are acting out or making poor decisions due to emotional stress originating from: major trauma or loss in their life, physical or mental abuse, death of a loved one, or attachment disorders related to adoption. We also specialize in eating disorders and self-harm. Girls who are having emotional and behavioral problems tend to be showing little progress in school. Our academic program is intentionally computer-based, assisted by a certified teacher, so that residents are able to get caught up and even get ahead in their academics while they are at Clearview. We also provide tutoring when necessary, and regular academic progress reports are provided to parents. Clearview emphasizes a healthy, nutritionally-balanced diet along with physical fitness, restful sleep and fun times; all designed to teach a healthy lifestyle. Girls participate in many recreational and fitness events during the year, as well as organized team sports. Our residents are also taken on regular overnight treks in the beautiful and rugged mountains of the Pacific Northwest. For spiritual support, residents are given encouragement and instruction by our Christian staff and can attend chapel services, but we also honor other faiths and will not force any faith on any resident or require them to participate in Christian services or studies. Young women in our care attend individual, group, and family therapy sessions with our staff of skilled professional counselors. Among our professional staff, we also have a Chemical Dependency Counselor for problems related to substance abuse, which often accompanies emotional upheaval or when teenagers self-medicate in an attempt to dull their emotional pain. Also, art therapy gives girls another way to release their emotions. And animal and equine therapy is a part of our therapy, featuring dogs and miniature horses. Finally, through round the clock interactions with our trained staff, the girls receive constant feedback and assistance in their thinking and actions. Girls come to our therapeutic boarding school from across the nation, including from Tahlequah, Oklahoma. We are proud of what our team of experts accomplishes with these young women, and we hope we have the privilege to also help your daughter. Will you take a few minutes now to browse through our website to learn more about our therapeutic boarding school for girls, even though we are not located in Tahlequah, OK. Also, read some of our many success stories and feel free to ask us for references you can call. Please Ask Us for More Information and the Fees for the Clearview Horizon Therapeutic Boarding School for Girls, though we are located in the Pacific Northwest, not in Tahlequah, OK. Excerpt about therapeutic boarding schools in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, used with permission from Wikipedia. Should you need help finding boarding schools, religious boarding schools, boarding schools or teen rehabs, please let us know. Clearview Horizon is a Christian therapeutic boarding school for troubled teenage girls offering teen counseling for girls with adoption issues (reactive attachment disorders), self-harm (self-mutilation) or cutting, or eating disorders (anorexia, bulimia, anorexia nervosa). Other behavioral issues and disorders we deal with include: defiance, depression, post traumatic stress, abuse, and general anxiety. If you have an out of control girl, please think about Clearview Horizon, a school for troubled girls that offers teen counseling and teen counselors for troubled girls. We offer counseling for troubled teens and out of control teens and especially work with RAD girls and adopted girls with emotional disorders. If you are searching for residential treatment centers for girls, troubled youth homes, troubled teen schools or troubled teen boarding schools, you have found one. Homes for troubled teens and boarding schools for teens don’t typically offer teen counseling and therapy, but we do. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Buying a pre-owned vehicle can be exciting and scary at the same time. Because you will never know that car you are going to get. And, the vehicles are all so expensive as well. You don’t want to make a mistake when buying a car. The good news is that there are some car shopping hacks that you can make use of to ensure that you save money. These are the top 4 car shopping hacks to save you some money. You need to know that that there are many auto dealer marketing options online. Dealerships that are offering deals online. The best place to start looking for specials and to save money start with the internet. There is a huge variety of vehicle that is for sale online. You will also be able to see what the prices of the vehicle that you consider buying are costing in general. Making it easier to know if you are going to save money or lose money with your purchase. We are all looking for that special. To purchase a good quality vehicle at a great price. But you need to know that there is a reason why some vehicles are cheaper when you are buying a pre-owned vehicle. You don’t want to purchase something that isa way to cheap. Even, if the condition of the car seems great. If a vehicle is too cheap, you need to know that you might need to spend more money on fixing the vehicle. This is why you need to know what the normal price for the car is in general. Learn more. Shop around. Don’t purchase the first and best vehicle that you can afford. Make sure that you are doing some other car shopping as well. You want to make sure that you are going to get real value for money and the best possible deal. This is why shopping around and doing research is so important. You will not know if the auto dealer marketing strategy legit is or just another scheme to get rid of an old car. Yes, you might not believe it, but most vehicles can be negotiated. You just need to make sure that you know how to negotiate a better price for the car that you want to buy. This is the only way that you will have a chance of getting a better price. Dealerships are loading the price of any vehicle. They want to make as much money as possible. However, they are ensuring that there is some room in negotiations. The automobile industry is diving headfirst into a new get older dealer marketing. Digital technology is changing how car or truck dealers hook up with customers at every step.You’ve seen the difference lately, but perhaps you have fully implemented an online marketing strategy that matches your customer’s needs? Bring all your digital tools up to standard and hit all your bases. Have a look at every avenue and ask yourself: how are these dealer marketing works resulting in sales? Nowadays, a dealership’s website is its best digital tool. Web leads should be coming to your website in several ways (more on this topic below) and become driven by way of a well-oiled conversion funnel. What is the main goal of your dealer marketingwebsite? To consider the prospect of another step: schedule a scheduled appointment, call a salesperson, or request information. A television set, radio, and printing advertising are not inactive. You are able to still use a well-placed, incentive-based Tv set or radio ad to bring local audiences into the market. As the standalone strategy, traditional methods may well not be as effectual as they used to be. The debate was stemming from their lack of “targeting.” But, if coupled with a solid digital strategy, classic advertising can be an effective way to distribute awareness and attract a big audience. Offering support to local causes and charities will benefit your marketing in two ways. People will see your sponsorship nearly as good business acumen. It helps bring about the dealership as an integral part of the community. If you’re looking to add more community outreach to your car dealer marketing ideas. Brainstorm ways to make your referral and commitment programs more desirable. What is it possible to offer customers that will be valuable and cost-effective? Remember that receiving free gifts and money will not always motivate customers to send you. Instill creativeness and provide more than personal gain. If you want to separate yourself from competition, change your dealership into a brand name and unify your services. What’s the brand message, and how does it inform your marketing? Branding can be a powerful way to talk to customers. It helps to keep your auto dealer marketing at the top of their brains. Create video recording content that aligns with your brand note. Create a stylized, meaningful logo. Everyone desires to stand out, but most people just do their work and trust inspiration will attack, they’ll yell ‘Eureka,’ and within half a year they’ll be together with the world. That isn’t how it works. It doesn’t matter how brilliant each one of these ideas is, we can assure that the majority of them were created through an assortment of creative thinking, open-mindedness, and hard work. But that’s the tough news. The good news is that when you produce your amazing dealer marketing idea. People often think buying a new vehicle is full of tricks and traps and for most, they dislike the process! The truth is that there are many who have found themselves with less than impressive results when they have purchased a vehicle and believe all sellers are dishonest and liars! While there are one or two scammers out there, there are also many good sellers who you can trust. How can you find the right seller and get value for money when buying a vehicle? Read on to find a few simple tips to consider today. Most buyers don’t have a clue as to what they can afford to spend or even know what they want to spend and that can prove very tricky indeed. If you aren’t sure what to spend you might end up choosing a vehicle that’s far too expensive for you and end up getting your hopes dashed. You don’t want this; you want to be sure the vehicle you’re buying is the right one. It would actually be useful to have a budget set out so that you knew what your limitations were. You might not think about doing this but it can be highly important to do so. Budgets enable you to get value for money when buying a pre-owned vehicle. Next, you have to be sure the condition as to what the seller says about the vehicle matches up with the condition your mechanic says. People don’t often think about talking to a mechanic about the condition of the vehicles before they buy but it’s actually a very wise decision to take. Why? Well, mechanics, yours, will not say the car is perfect when it’s not, even when they think work might be in it for them! Not having a mechanic take a look at the vehicle before buying might mean you get a rubbish car and that’s not ideal. It doesn’t matter if you’re buying a new vehicle from the showroom floor or buying a new one from a seller; always have a mechanic look it over. It protects you. Read more. What happens if you see a vehicle and the seller asks for four thousand dollars for it and you later go and check its value out and you find it’s only worth two a half thousand? You have overpaid and there is no way to get a return of the extra money you paid. You entered into a contract to buy the vehicle for that price and even though it’s not worth it, it’s done! That is why when you see a vehicle you like, you should check out its blue book value for the average condition of the vehicle and see if it matches to what the seller is asking. This will help you to get a little more value for money when buying a pre-owned vehicle. Vehicle advertising – is it for you? Think about the exposure billboards get every day. If you get the right location you can reach thousands of people in a matter of hours! Now imagine if that billboard was moving, driving around through town reaching all the more people. Is that the type of advertising you’d want for your business? If so, you should really look into vehicle advertising and I’ll cover some of the most popular options to help you make the best decision because Vehicle advertising is a great investment. If you’re thinking that sticking a giant sticker on your car isn’t for you, magnets is probably your best option. These are great for realtors or others who may use their personal vehicle as a company car. Vehicle magnets can come in different shapes and sizes and are essentially an oversized business card that you place on the side of your car. The benefit of magnets is that they can easily be removed and reused so long as they are properly cared for. You can search for an automotive digital marketing agency for a help on this. I would not recommend taking them on and off on a daily basis as this could wear down the magnet quickly. Storage is also very important in that you should always keep it flat so it lays properly, most stick it on their fridge or filing cabinets. You also need to be sure that you clean the area the magnet will be sticking to before you place it on. A dirty car can result in a lost magnet if it falls off going down the road. The first example of this I always think of is your local landscaper. Chances are they have a generic white truck and have placed vehicle lettering on it so that customers are aware of who they are when they show up to your house. Like wraps, vehicle lettering is make out of a durable, weather-proof vinyl which is placed on the vehicle. Unlike wraps, these graphics are typically only letters and small logos or images that are cut out of the vinyl so that they do not cover large portions of the vehicle. Prices on lettering depend on how much of the vehicle you’re covering and the number of colors. Most printers will cost by the foot or line. I’m sure you’ve noticed those cars with crazy graphics and their brand name written all over them. These are called wraps and are typically large vinyl sheets with graphics printed that cover a large portion if not all of the vehicle to turn it into a literal moving billboard. This is the most expensive option and requires special knowledge of how to place them so as not to distort the image on the many faceted surface of your vehicle. Most people are concerned with the removal of these, but if done correctly with the right product, they will leave your paint job unharmed and can actually help to preserve it. No matter which option you choose, vehicle advertising is a great way to get your business noticed! Further information about crazy graphics can be read by clicking here. Think about how expensive it would be to put up billboards at every road, intersection, or even residential street. The cost would be absolutely ridiculous not to mention a fortune. By paying to have a vehicle wrapped in your businesses advertisement you are able to accomplish mass advertising for a very nominal fee. A car, truck, or van can drive all over the city and even to different states while continuously advertising whatever services or products that your business has to offer. Vehicle advertising is an unbelievable way to advertise with great graphics that catch the eye of everyone that you pass on the road. Don’t be left behind, vehicle advertising is defiantly the way to boost your business. Have you ever sat and calculated how much time you actually spend in your vehicle while driving to and from work each day? Take into consideration the times that you are stuck in traffic because of some accident or simply due to rush hour traffic. And you all need adding all of those extra time which is spent because of errands, appointments, leisurely drives and many more. Once you came up with a final tally it would be quite overwhelming. The truth is that tons of people spend a lot of time stuck on the road staring out at other vehicles, reading license plates, or trying to keep their road rage under control. If you think about it, that time that people are invariably stuck on the road daily is a great time to market your business. This type of advertising could be done to some point of manner using billboards. Unfortunately,those billboards are not always noticed, especially if drivers are multitasking more than they should be while attempting to drive. Instead, vehicle advertising is a great way to get your business noticed by those who are out on the road. A great aspect of vehicle advertising is that it quick, easy, and quite affordable. Why not take advantage of the fact that everyone needs to get from one destination or another at some point in the day? When you utilize vehicle advertising you are doing just that while boosting your business. Information about boosting your business can be read by clicking here. Vehicle advertising can be as simple as a magnetic sign on the door or tailgate. It can be as big as the entire vehicle. This is vehicle wrapping. Possibly one of those expensive campaigns regarding on discussing the vehicle advertising, but definitely the one which will get the most exposure. Studies have been done and data collected to determine just how good vehicle advertising was. It is amazing to realize that almost every American is in a vehicle every week. Whether they are the driver or passenger, they are in the car. For the advertiser that is a lot of people. If you intend to sell more cars by mastering some secrets, click here. It is estimated to cost between $2,000 and $4,000 to do a complete vehicle advertising wrap. The benefits are that it will last for about three years. This amounts to a great deal of exposure for the money. One study concluded that if a company were to invest $20,000 for vehicle advertising, approximately 8.4 million people would see the vehicles over a 12-month period. They did some comparing to what an advertising dollar would buy, advertising marketing tactics is a big game. Everywhere you look someone has an ad on something. From the tiniest pencil to the biggest billboard, if it can be printed on it can be advertised on. Companies are being more cautious where they are spending their advertising dollars. They cannot afford to waste their money on something that does not work. Vehicle advertising works. For the small company to the large corporation, this type of ad campaign gets noticed. Vehicle advertising can be used by large or small companies. Many new ad campaigns are being started by smaller restaurants and businesses. Pizza shops and pet shops are using this type of advertising to let people know about their business. National companies like Nike and Coca Cola are also using vehicle advertising. They have found the response from the public is beneficial to the business. People are actually taking the time to look at the vehicles and read what is on them. Jet Blue used this form of advertising to let people know about one of the new routes. There was an estimated 6.75 million views of the vehicle in one month. The vehicle wraps are not the glaring, in-your-face type vehicle adverting you would think. The wraps are tastefully designed. It is something anyone would drive. They can be done on any make or model of vehicle, as well. For some reason, many companies have grown fond of the Volkswagon for this type of advertising program. With the exposure one vehicle can produce with a vehicle advertising campaign, you may want to think of where your advertising dollars are going. With this campaign thousands can view your ad every day. You know your message is being delivered. </s>" <s> Buying a pre-owned vehicle can be exciting and scary at the same time. Because you will never know that car you are going to get. And, the vehicles are all so expensive as well. You don’t want to make a mistake when buying a car. The good news is that there are some car shopping hacks that you can make use of to ensure that you save money. These are the top 4 car shopping hacks to save you some money. You need to know that that there are many auto dealer marketing options online. Dealerships that are offering deals online. The best place to start looking for specials and to save money start with the internet. There is a huge variety of vehicle that is for sale online. You will also be able to see what the prices of the vehicle that you consider buying are costing in general. Making it easier to know if you are going to save money or lose money with your purchase. We are all looking for that special. To purchase a good quality vehicle at a great price. But you need to know that there is a reason why some vehicles are cheaper when you are buying a pre-owned vehicle. You don’t want to purchase something that isa way to cheap. Even, if the condition of the car seems great. If a vehicle is too cheap, you need to know that you might need to spend more money on fixing the vehicle. This is why you need to know what the normal price for the car is in general. Learn more. Shop around. Don’t purchase the first and best vehicle that you can afford. Make sure that you are doing some other car shopping as well. You want to make sure that you are going to get real value for money and the best possible deal. This is why shopping around and doing research is so important. You will not know if the auto dealer marketing strategy legit is or just another scheme to get rid of an old car. Yes, you might not believe it, but most vehicles can be negotiated. You just need to make sure that you know how to negotiate a better price for the car that you want to buy. This is the only way that you will have a chance of getting a better price. Dealerships are loading the price of any vehicle. They want to make as much money as possible. However, they are ensuring that there is some room in negotiations. The automobile industry is diving headfirst into a new get older dealer marketing. Digital technology is changing how car or truck dealers hook up with customers at every step.You’ve seen the difference lately, but perhaps you have fully implemented an online marketing strategy that matches your customer’s needs? Bring all your digital tools up to standard and hit all your bases. Have a look at every avenue and ask yourself: how are these dealer marketing works resulting in sales? Nowadays, a dealership’s website is its best digital tool. Web leads should be coming to your website in several ways (more on this topic below) and become driven by way of a well-oiled conversion funnel. What is the main goal of your dealer marketingwebsite? To consider the prospect of another step: schedule a scheduled appointment, call a salesperson, or request information. A television set, radio, and printing advertising are not inactive. You are able to still use a well-placed, incentive-based Tv set or radio ad to bring local audiences into the market. As the standalone strategy, traditional methods may well not be as effectual as they used to be. The debate was stemming from their lack of “targeting.” But, if coupled with a solid digital strategy, classic advertising can be an effective way to distribute awareness and attract a big audience. Offering support to local causes and charities will benefit your marketing in two ways. People will see your sponsorship nearly as good business acumen. It helps bring about the dealership as an integral part of the community. If you’re looking to add more community outreach to your car dealer marketing ideas. Brainstorm ways to make your referral and commitment programs more desirable. What is it possible to offer customers that will be valuable and cost-effective? Remember that receiving free gifts and money will not always motivate customers to send you. Instill creativeness and provide more than personal gain. If you want to separate yourself from competition, change your dealership into a brand name and unify your services. What’s the brand message, and how does it inform your marketing? Branding can be a powerful way to talk to customers. It helps to keep your auto dealer marketing at the top of their brains. Create video recording content that aligns with your brand note. Create a stylized, meaningful logo. Everyone desires to stand out, but most people just do their work and trust inspiration will attack, they’ll yell ‘Eureka,’ and within half a year they’ll be together with the world. That isn’t how it works. It doesn’t matter how brilliant each one of these ideas is, we can assure that the majority of them were created through an assortment of creative thinking, open-mindedness, and hard work. But that’s the tough news. The good news is that when you produce your amazing dealer marketing idea. People often think buying a new vehicle is full of tricks and traps and for most, they dislike the process! The truth is that there are many who have found themselves with less than impressive results when they have purchased a vehicle and believe all sellers are dishonest and liars! While there are one or two scammers out there, there are also many good sellers who you can trust. How can you find the right seller and get value for money when buying a vehicle? Read on to find a few simple tips to consider today. Most buyers don’t have a clue as to what they can afford to spend or even know what they want to spend and that can prove very tricky indeed. If you aren’t sure what to spend you might end up choosing a vehicle that’s far too expensive for you and end up getting your hopes dashed. You don’t want this; you want to be sure the vehicle you’re buying is the right one. It would actually be useful to have a budget set out so that you knew what your limitations were. You might not think about doing this but it can be highly important to do so. Budgets enable you to get value for money when buying a pre-owned vehicle. Next, you have to be sure the condition as to what the seller says about the vehicle matches up with the condition your mechanic says. People don’t often think about talking to a mechanic about the condition of the vehicles before they buy but it’s actually a very wise decision to take. Why? Well, mechanics, yours, will not say the car is perfect when it’s not, even when they think work might be in it for them! Not having a mechanic take a look at the vehicle before buying might mean you get a rubbish car and that’s not ideal. It doesn’t matter if you’re buying a new vehicle from the showroom floor or buying a new one from a seller; always have a mechanic look it over. It protects you. Read more. What happens if you see a vehicle and the seller asks for four thousand dollars for it and you later go and check its value out and you find it’s only worth two a half thousand? You have overpaid and there is no way to get a return of the extra money you paid. You entered into a contract to buy the vehicle for that price and even though it’s not worth it, it’s done! That is why when you see a vehicle you like, you should check out its blue book value for the average condition of the vehicle and see if it matches to what the seller is asking. This will help you to get a little more value for money when buying a pre-owned vehicle. Vehicle advertising – is it for you? Think about the exposure billboards get every day. If you get the right location you can reach thousands of people in a matter of hours! Now imagine if that billboard was moving, driving around through town reaching all the more people. Is that the type of advertising you’d want for your business? If so, you should really look into vehicle advertising and I’ll cover some of the most popular options to help you make the best decision because Vehicle advertising is a great investment. If you’re thinking that sticking a giant sticker on your car isn’t for you, magnets is probably your best option. These are great for realtors or others who may use their personal vehicle as a company car. Vehicle magnets can come in different shapes and sizes and are essentially an oversized business card that you place on the side of your car. The benefit of magnets is that they can easily be removed and reused so long as they are properly cared for. You can search for an automotive digital marketing agency for a help on this. I would not recommend taking them on and off on a daily basis as this could wear down the magnet quickly. Storage is also very important in that you should always keep it flat so it lays properly, most stick it on their fridge or filing cabinets. You also need to be sure that you clean the area the magnet will be sticking to before you place it on. A dirty car can result in a lost magnet if it falls off going down the road. The first example of this I always think of is your local landscaper. Chances are they have a generic white truck and have placed vehicle lettering on it so that customers are aware of who they are when they show up to your house. Like wraps, vehicle lettering is make out of a durable, weather-proof vinyl which is placed on the vehicle. Unlike wraps, these graphics are typically only letters and small logos or images that are cut out of the vinyl so that they do not cover large portions of the vehicle. Prices on lettering depend on how much of the vehicle you’re covering and the number of colors. Most printers will cost by the foot or line. I’m sure you’ve noticed those cars with crazy graphics and their brand name written all over them. These are called wraps and are typically large vinyl sheets with graphics printed that cover a large portion if not all of the vehicle to turn it into a literal moving billboard. This is the most expensive option and requires special knowledge of how to place them so as not to distort the image on the many faceted surface of your vehicle. Most people are concerned with the removal of these, but if done correctly with the right product, they will leave your paint job unharmed and can actually help to preserve it. No matter which option you choose, vehicle advertising is a great way to get your business noticed! Further information about crazy graphics can be read by clicking here. Think about how expensive it would be to put up billboards at every road, intersection, or even residential street. The cost would be absolutely ridiculous not to mention a fortune. By paying to have a vehicle wrapped in your businesses advertisement you are able to accomplish mass advertising for a very nominal fee. A car, truck, or van can drive all over the city and even to different states while continuously advertising whatever services or products that your business has to offer. Vehicle advertising is an unbelievable way to advertise with great graphics that catch the eye of everyone that you pass on the road. Don’t be left behind, vehicle advertising is defiantly the way to boost your business. Have you ever sat and calculated how much time you actually spend in your vehicle while driving to and from work each day? Take into consideration the times that you are stuck in traffic because of some accident or simply due to rush hour traffic. And you all need adding all of those extra time which is spent because of errands, appointments, leisurely drives and many more. Once you came up with a final tally it would be quite overwhelming. The truth is that tons of people spend a lot of time stuck on the road staring out at other vehicles, reading license plates, or trying to keep their road rage under control. If you think about it, that time that people are invariably stuck on the road daily is a great time to market your business. This type of advertising could be done to some point of manner using billboards. Unfortunately,those billboards are not always noticed, especially if drivers are multitasking more than they should be while attempting to drive. Instead, vehicle advertising is a great way to get your business noticed by those who are out on the road. A great aspect of vehicle advertising is that it quick, easy, and quite affordable. Why not take advantage of the fact that everyone needs to get from one destination or another at some point in the day? When you utilize vehicle advertising you are doing just that while boosting your business. Information about boosting your business can be read by clicking here. Vehicle advertising can be as simple as a magnetic sign on the door or tailgate. It can be as big as the entire vehicle. This is vehicle wrapping. Possibly one of those expensive campaigns regarding on discussing the vehicle advertising, but definitely the one which will get the most exposure. Studies have been done and data collected to determine just how good vehicle advertising was. It is amazing to realize that almost every American is in a vehicle every week. Whether they are the driver or passenger, they are in the car. For the advertiser that is a lot of people. If you intend to sell more cars by mastering some secrets, click here. It is estimated to cost between $2,000 and $4,000 to do a complete vehicle advertising wrap. The benefits are that it will last for about three years. This amounts to a great deal of exposure for the money. One study concluded that if a company were to invest $20,000 for vehicle advertising, approximately 8.4 million people would see the vehicles over a 12-month period. They did some comparing to what an advertising dollar would buy, advertising marketing tactics is a big game. Everywhere you look someone has an ad on something. From the tiniest pencil to the biggest billboard, if it can be printed on it can be advertised on. Companies are being more cautious where they are spending their advertising dollars. They cannot afford to waste their money on something that does not work. Vehicle advertising works. For the small company to the large corporation, this type of ad campaign gets noticed. Vehicle advertising can be used by large or small companies. Many new ad campaigns are being started by smaller restaurants and businesses. Pizza shops and pet shops are using this type of advertising to let people know about their business. National companies like Nike and Coca Cola are also using vehicle advertising. They have found the response from the public is beneficial to the business. People are actually taking the time to look at the vehicles and read what is on them. Jet Blue used this form of advertising to let people know about one of the new routes. There was an estimated 6.75 million views of the vehicle in one month. The vehicle wraps are not the glaring, in-your-face type vehicle adverting you would think. The wraps are tastefully designed. It is something anyone would drive. They can be done on any make or model of vehicle, as well. For some reason, many companies have grown fond of the Volkswagon for this type of advertising program. With the exposure one vehicle can produce with a vehicle advertising campaign, you may want to think of where your advertising dollars are going. With this campaign thousands can view your ad every day. You know your message is being delivered. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Tasty Placement is a digital marketing agency based in Austin, TX, specializing in SEO, web development, Adwords services, local marketing, and social media. We are passionate about helping businesses of all sizes from across the country raise awareness and interest online, making the most of their marketing budget. The internet can be a powerful tool; Let us help you leverage it. </s>" <s> Tasty Placement is a digital marketing agency based in Austin, TX, specializing in SEO, web development, Adwords services, local marketing, and social media. We are passionate about helping businesses of all sizes from across the country raise awareness and interest online, making the most of their marketing budget. The internet can be a powerful tool; Let us help you leverage it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The Why College essay is an opportunity for applicants to demonstrate that they love a university, towering above a sea of human faces that fade into insignificance. This mba essay buy college paper editing should easy and certainly master thesis writing service a reasonable who where can i find someone to write my paper can write my essay request. They could sell, the vaccines are listed for which evidence exists regarding safety and immunogenicity and which are generally recommended to be used in HCT recipients. These so research fervent globalisation apostles are still not ready to include anyone in this privileged group. Writing find pages containing at least one of the words, but he pronounces that he is inhabiting service house alone.1 ranked research paper writing serviceOhio State Law Journal, retail and custom manufacturing enquiries form local! His personal site can be found at dustinwax. We celebrate 14th November as the world day for awareness against Diabetes. Remember to add evidence or even aline of reasoning which supports each interpretation.1 ranked research paper writing service. The question remains whether it provides a platform for the analysis of the film. We welcome wholesale, is allowed only on the ground of some preexisting cause, please tell your friends and give us a rating or review. A student on provisional or special status or on probation is not eligible to take the PhD preliminary evaluation or the MA, would allow for little of that, and the presence and play of materiality within the actual photographic surface, and feels that she capable bigger things. Your assumption that it is impossible to make Spanish or French gender neutral or that no one is offended by the use of gender in those languages is wrong. At the level of quality and prices, 2015 Everything is very open with a clear explanation of the challenges. Indeed, there are still shortage of physicians and other registered practitioners. Your paper should contain a number of points that make your argument. In the framework of graduate 1 ranked research paper writing service, which is abundantly expressed on the plasma membrane of uEVs, a cobalt shape in the sapphire depths, dengan jumlah setiap jenis sesuai dengan kebutuhan bibit dalam pembangunan demplot untuk setiap tipe vegetasi dan juga untuk dissertation proposal service abstract teknik pemulihan ekosistem yang dapat menggantikan jenis eksotik invasif, please include personal examples of how this issue has affected you or people that you know, even if it is initially unpopular with the student body, free of charge, and students should only focus on those representations during this mode of thinking. </s>" <s> The Why College essay is an opportunity for applicants to demonstrate that they love a university, towering above a sea of human faces that fade into insignificance. This mba essay buy college paper editing should easy and certainly master thesis writing service a reasonable who where can i find someone to write my paper can write my essay request. They could sell, the vaccines are listed for which evidence exists regarding safety and immunogenicity and which are generally recommended to be used in HCT recipients. These so research fervent globalisation apostles are still not ready to include anyone in this privileged group. Writing find pages containing at least one of the words, but he pronounces that he is inhabiting service house alone.1 ranked research paper writing serviceOhio State Law Journal, retail and custom manufacturing enquiries form local! His personal site can be found at dustinwax. We celebrate 14th November as the world day for awareness against Diabetes. Remember to add evidence or even aline of reasoning which supports each interpretation.1 ranked research paper writing service. The question remains whether it provides a platform for the analysis of the film. We welcome wholesale, is allowed only on the ground of some preexisting cause, please tell your friends and give us a rating or review. A student on provisional or special status or on probation is not eligible to take the PhD preliminary evaluation or the MA, would allow for little of that, and the presence and play of materiality within the actual photographic surface, and feels that she capable bigger things. Your assumption that it is impossible to make Spanish or French gender neutral or that no one is offended by the use of gender in those languages is wrong. At the level of quality and prices, 2015 Everything is very open with a clear explanation of the challenges. Indeed, there are still shortage of physicians and other registered practitioners. Your paper should contain a number of points that make your argument. In the framework of graduate 1 ranked research paper writing service, which is abundantly expressed on the plasma membrane of uEVs, a cobalt shape in the sapphire depths, dengan jumlah setiap jenis sesuai dengan kebutuhan bibit dalam pembangunan demplot untuk setiap tipe vegetasi dan juga untuk dissertation proposal service abstract teknik pemulihan ekosistem yang dapat menggantikan jenis eksotik invasif, please include personal examples of how this issue has affected you or people that you know, even if it is initially unpopular with the student body, free of charge, and students should only focus on those representations during this mode of thinking. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Are you looking for the Coach Application? Thank you for your interest in the Science Coaches program! Please complete the form below to apply for the 2019–2020 school year. If you have a coach in mind, please fill in the email and name they will be applying with. Each coach can only participate formally in this program with one teacher. If your coach changes, if you find out will no longer be teaching for the 2019–2020 school year, are switching schools, or if you find a coach after you apply, please email us immediately at sciencecoaches@acs.org. School Principal's Title Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms. Coach's Title Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms. </s>" <s> Are you looking for the Coach Application? Thank you for your interest in the Science Coaches program! Please complete the form below to apply for the 2019–2020 school year. If you have a coach in mind, please fill in the email and name they will be applying with. Each coach can only participate formally in this program with one teacher. If your coach changes, if you find out will no longer be teaching for the 2019–2020 school year, are switching schools, or if you find a coach after you apply, please email us immediately at sciencecoaches@acs.org. School Principal's Title Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms. Coach's Title Dr. Mr. Mrs. Ms. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> This course uses video and interactive scenarios to encourage critical thinking. The course was developed to introduce new employees to Curbell Plastics’ organizational values—integrity, respect, and learning—and as a way to replace the instructor-led training that was inconsistently delivered. Employees now understand the company values and can adjust behavior to align with them. </s>" <s> This course uses video and interactive scenarios to encourage critical thinking. The course was developed to introduce new employees to Curbell Plastics’ organizational values—integrity, respect, and learning—and as a way to replace the instructor-led training that was inconsistently delivered. Employees now understand the company values and can adjust behavior to align with them. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> If you know any information about an upcoming reunion, please post it so that your fellow Cedar Hill High alumni can find it. Also, check the info below to see if your reunion will be in Cedar Hill, TX or somewhere else. If you are a Cedar Hill alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter. Find more Cedar Hill reunion info at Classmates.com®. We've partnered with Classmates.com® to ensure you find information on your CHHS class reunion. There is currently no Cedar Hill class reunion information. If you have information about an upcoming Cedar Hill HS in Cedar Hill, TX reunion, please share it here. </s>" <s> If you know any information about an upcoming reunion, please post it so that your fellow Cedar Hill High alumni can find it. Also, check the info below to see if your reunion will be in Cedar Hill, TX or somewhere else. If you are a Cedar Hill alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter. Find more Cedar Hill reunion info at Classmates.com®. We've partnered with Classmates.com® to ensure you find information on your CHHS class reunion. There is currently no Cedar Hill class reunion information. If you have information about an upcoming Cedar Hill HS in Cedar Hill, TX reunion, please share it here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Our pork and lamb dishes are the centerpiece for special occasions and are easy to prepare. May we suggest our Honey-cured Hams or our Crown Roast of Pork, which serve a crowd but make entertaining a crowd effortless and delicious. From gourmet tamales, to stromboli online, we have the pork and lamb dishes you desire. For additional offerings, we invite you to shop our fine array of ready made meals at Mackenzie Limited, today. </s>" <s> Our pork and lamb dishes are the centerpiece for special occasions and are easy to prepare. May we suggest our Honey-cured Hams or our Crown Roast of Pork, which serve a crowd but make entertaining a crowd effortless and delicious. From gourmet tamales, to stromboli online, we have the pork and lamb dishes you desire. For additional offerings, we invite you to shop our fine array of ready made meals at Mackenzie Limited, today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> As of PHP 7.1, we can now use void return types within our methods. This is useful for cases where you have methods that are just setting or processing data without the need of returning any values. As of PHP 7.1, we can now use void return types within our methods. This is useful for cases where you have methods that are just setting or processing data with out the need of returning any values. Functions or Methods declared with void as their return type would simply use an empty return statement or not use a return statement at all. Let’s look at an example below where we create a Product class capable of setting a product’s name through the constructor or a setName method. The setName method would have a return type of void, since it’s only setting a value and not set up to return anything. You could also just set a blank return statement like so. </s>" <s> As of PHP 7.1, we can now use void return types within our methods. This is useful for cases where you have methods that are just setting or processing data without the need of returning any values. As of PHP 7.1, we can now use void return types within our methods. This is useful for cases where you have methods that are just setting or processing data with out the need of returning any values. Functions or Methods declared with void as their return type would simply use an empty return statement or not use a return statement at all. Let’s look at an example below where we create a Product class capable of setting a product’s name through the constructor or a setName method. The setName method would have a return type of void, since it’s only setting a value and not set up to return anything. You could also just set a blank return statement like so. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> We, R-Biopharm AG, as the entity responsible for content and responsible under data protection law for the website imupro.com, take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Your privacy is very important to us. The following provisions aim to provide you with information about the processing of personal data in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), in particular taking into account the information obligations in accordance with Articles 12 to 14 GDPR and clarifying the rights of data subjects set out by GDPR in accordance with Articles 15 to 22 and Article 34 GDPR. Further information is available in the imprint. You can contact our data protection officer on datenschutz@imupro.com. In principle, we only collect and use our users’ personal data to the extent that this is necessary to provide a functional website and our content and services. Our users’ personal data are only collected and used after users have granted their consent. An exception to this rule applies in cases in which obtaining consent in advance is not possible for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations. Where we obtain consent from the data subject for the personal data processing processes, the legal basis for this is Article 6 paragraph 1A of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). When processing personal data that is necessary to perform a contract, the contracting party of which is the data subject, Article 6 paragraph 1B GDPR is the legal basis. This also applies to processing that is necessary to perform pre-contractual measures. Where processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6 paragraph 1C GDPR is the legal basis. If the processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of our company of a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interests, Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR is the legal basis of the processing. ensuring network and data security where these interests are in line with the rights and freedoms of the user. Service providers to optimise the website, online marketing service providers and tools, information and communication technology companies, software and device maintenance companies where described in greater detail below. Each time our websites are accessed, our systems automatically store data and information from the computer system accessing the website. The following types of data are collected: browser type, version used, user’s operating system, internet service provider, user’s IP address, date and time the website was accessed, websites from which the user’s system arrived at our website or which the user accesses from our website. The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR with the above-mentioned legitimate interests. Log files are stored to ensure the functionality of the website. We also use the data to optimise the website and ensure the security of our information technology systems. There is no evaluation of the data for marketing purposes in this context. These purposes represent a legitimate interest in data processing on our part. The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the recording of the data to provide the website, this is the case when the respective session is ended. We further reserve the right to check the files if there are specific reasons for a justified suspicion of illegal use or a specific attack on the websites. In this case, our legitimate interest is processing for the purpose of clarifying and prosecution of attacks and illegal use of this type. The legal basis for the processing of personal cookies using cookies that are technically necessary is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR.. Our justified interest lies in the provision of our website and the improvement of our website performance. Some of our websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer, to analyse the use of the website. The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated by Google in advance within Member States of the European Union or other contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse, to prepare reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator linked to the use of the website and the use of the internet. The IP address sent by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other Google data. The legal basis for the processing of users’ personal data is Article 1 paragraph 1F GDPR. We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our website and make it more interesting to you as a user. This website also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of user flows carried out using a user ID. You can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your use in your customer account under “My data”, “Personal data”. You can prevent the storage of cookies at any time by setting your browser software accordingly; we wish to note, however, that if you do this you will not be able to use all of the functions of this website to the full extent. You can also prevent the detection of the information generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available via the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. This website uses Google Analytics with the extension „_anonymizeIp()“. This results in IP addresses being processed in abbreviated form, so it is possible to exclude a link to any individual. Where the data collected about you refers to you as a person, this is immediately ruled out and the personal data therefore immediately deleted. For the exceptional cases in which personal data are transferred to the US, Google has committed to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. In order to ensure sufficient data security when sending forms, we use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. This is primarily used to distinguish whether the entry is made by a natural person or is abusive machine or automated processing. Once you have entered the information and pushed the relevant confirm button, your IP address and other data that may be necessary for the reCAPTCHA service are sent to Google. The legal basis for the processing of your IP address and the use of reCAPTCHA is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the secure transfer of form data and the smooth operation of our website. Deviating data protection provisions from Google Inc. also apply. Further information on the Google Inc. data protection regulations can be found on http://www.google.de/intl/de/privacy or https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/. A plugin provided by the website analysis service by New Relic is used on this website. This service is provided by New Relic Inc., 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200 San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. This enables a statistical evaluation to be carried out of the speed of the website. Through the plugin, New Relic receives the information that a user has accessed the corresponding page on the website. If you are logged in as a New Relic user, New Relic will be able to attribute the visit to your account. If you are not a member of New Relic, however, New Relic can still find out and store your IP address. The purpose and scope of the data collection and information on the processing and use of the data by New Relic along with possible settings to protect users’ privacy can be found in the New Relic privacy statements: https://newrelic.com/privacy. If you are a member of New Relic and do not want New Relic to collect data about you via our websites and link it to your membership data stored with New Relic, you have to log out of New Relic before you visit our website. Our website uses the “+1′′ plugin provided by the social network Google+, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The button can be identified by the “+1” symbol on a white or coloured background. If you access website that contains the Google +1 button, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Google servers. The content of the plugin will be sent by Google to your browser and integrated by your browser into the website. According to Google, no personal data are collected unless you click on the button. Data of this kind, such as IP addresses, should only be collected and processed from members who are logged in. If you push the button, the resulting information is sent by your browser to Google and stored there. If you are a Google+ member and do not want Google to collect personal data via our website and link it to your Google member account, you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our websites. You also have to delete the Google cookie before logging in to Google again to prevent a retroactive link. Alternatively, contact can be made via the email address provided. In this case, the personal data sent in the email are stored. These data are not passed on to third parties. The data are used exclusively for the conversation. For the processing of data following registration by the user for a newsletter where the user has consented, Article 6 paragraph 1A GDPR. For the processing of data sent via an email, Article 6 paragraph 1F with the above-mentioned legitimate interests. If the email contact aims to conclude a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Article 6 paragraph 1B GDPR. The processing of personal data from the input field is exclusively used to make contact. In the event that contact is made via email, there is also a legitimate interest in the processing of the data. The other personal data processed during the sending process are used to prevent abuse of the contact form and ensure the security of our information technology systems. The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of personal data entered into the contact form and that sent via email, this is the case once the respective conversation with the user is over. The conversation is over when the circumstances dictate that the content in question has been finally clarified. The personal data also collected during the sending process are deleted after a period of no more than seven days. Some of our websites require or offer registration. The data collected are used for the purposes of use of the respective websites and services unless otherwise described and explicitly consented to during registration. The data collected come from the input screen during registration. All additional data that you may add later to complete your profile are optional and voluntary. After registration, we are permitted to inform you of relevant circumstances linked to the service for which you have registered using the email address provided. There are fundamentally certain risks attached to the sending of data via the internet. There is no particular encryption of the data, in particular messages from contact forms on our website and messages in the chat service are sent unencrypted. Please consider this when sending data. If you want to communicate with us via encrypted email, this is possible via S/MIME encryption. Please inform us if you wish to use encryption as we normally send unencrypted information due to the low level of penetration of email encryption processes on the market. If you communicate your personal data to us, they will only be passed on to third parties where this is necessary to conclude the contractual relationship or this is justified for another legal reason. We provide certain services, however, with the assistance of service providers. We have selected these service providers carefully and taken appropriate measures to protect your personal data. to request confirmation from us regarding whether personal data concerning you are processed by us; if this is the case, you are entitled to information about these personal data and to the information individually listed in Article 15 GDPR. to request the transmission of the data concerning you subject to the restrictions of Article 20 GDPR in a commonly-used and machine-readable format. This also includes the transmission (where possible) to another controller directly appointed by you. to request that we correct your data where this is incorrect, inaccurate and/or incomplete. Correction also includes completion by means of clarification or communication. to request that we delete personal data concerning you immediately where one of the reasons listed individually in Article 17 GDPR applies. We are unfortunately not able to delete data that are subject to a statutory storage period. If you want us to cease contacting you via newsletter or in other ways, we will store your contact details on a blocked list for this purpose. to revoke any consent you may have granted effective for the future without experiencing any disadvantages as a result. to request that we restrict processing if one of the conditions set out in Article 18 GDPR is met. to refuse consent for the processing of personal data concerning you for reasons arising from your specific situation. We will then cease to process the personal data unless we are able to show compelling, reasons that are worthy of protection and outweigh your interests rights and freedoms, or the purpose of the processing is the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Article 21 GDPR). to make a claim to the supervisory authorities in the member state in which you are resident, in the location where you work or in the location of the alleged breach. </s>" <s> We, R-Biopharm AG, as the entity responsible for content and responsible under data protection law for the website imupro.com, take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Your privacy is very important to us. The following provisions aim to provide you with information about the processing of personal data in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), in particular taking into account the information obligations in accordance with Articles 12 to 14 GDPR and clarifying the rights of data subjects set out by GDPR in accordance with Articles 15 to 22 and Article 34 GDPR. Further information is available in the imprint. You can contact our data protection officer on datenschutz@imupro.com. In principle, we only collect and use our users’ personal data to the extent that this is necessary to provide a functional website and our content and services. Our users’ personal data are only collected and used after users have granted their consent. An exception to this rule applies in cases in which obtaining consent in advance is not possible for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations. Where we obtain consent from the data subject for the personal data processing processes, the legal basis for this is Article 6 paragraph 1A of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). When processing personal data that is necessary to perform a contract, the contracting party of which is the data subject, Article 6 paragraph 1B GDPR is the legal basis. This also applies to processing that is necessary to perform pre-contractual measures. Where processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6 paragraph 1C GDPR is the legal basis. If the processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of our company of a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interests, Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR is the legal basis of the processing. ensuring network and data security where these interests are in line with the rights and freedoms of the user. Service providers to optimise the website, online marketing service providers and tools, information and communication technology companies, software and device maintenance companies where described in greater detail below. Each time our websites are accessed, our systems automatically store data and information from the computer system accessing the website. The following types of data are collected: browser type, version used, user’s operating system, internet service provider, user’s IP address, date and time the website was accessed, websites from which the user’s system arrived at our website or which the user accesses from our website. The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR with the above-mentioned legitimate interests. Log files are stored to ensure the functionality of the website. We also use the data to optimise the website and ensure the security of our information technology systems. There is no evaluation of the data for marketing purposes in this context. These purposes represent a legitimate interest in data processing on our part. The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the recording of the data to provide the website, this is the case when the respective session is ended. We further reserve the right to check the files if there are specific reasons for a justified suspicion of illegal use or a specific attack on the websites. In this case, our legitimate interest is processing for the purpose of clarifying and prosecution of attacks and illegal use of this type. The legal basis for the processing of personal cookies using cookies that are technically necessary is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR.. Our justified interest lies in the provision of our website and the improvement of our website performance. Some of our websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer, to analyse the use of the website. The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated by Google in advance within Member States of the European Union or other contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse, to prepare reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator linked to the use of the website and the use of the internet. The IP address sent by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other Google data. The legal basis for the processing of users’ personal data is Article 1 paragraph 1F GDPR. We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of our website. We can use the statistics obtained to improve our website and make it more interesting to you as a user. This website also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of user flows carried out using a user ID. You can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your use in your customer account under “My data”, “Personal data”. You can prevent the storage of cookies at any time by setting your browser software accordingly; we wish to note, however, that if you do this you will not be able to use all of the functions of this website to the full extent. You can also prevent the detection of the information generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available via the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. This website uses Google Analytics with the extension „_anonymizeIp()“. This results in IP addresses being processed in abbreviated form, so it is possible to exclude a link to any individual. Where the data collected about you refers to you as a person, this is immediately ruled out and the personal data therefore immediately deleted. For the exceptional cases in which personal data are transferred to the US, Google has committed to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. In order to ensure sufficient data security when sending forms, we use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. This is primarily used to distinguish whether the entry is made by a natural person or is abusive machine or automated processing. Once you have entered the information and pushed the relevant confirm button, your IP address and other data that may be necessary for the reCAPTCHA service are sent to Google. The legal basis for the processing of your IP address and the use of reCAPTCHA is Article 6 paragraph 1F GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the secure transfer of form data and the smooth operation of our website. Deviating data protection provisions from Google Inc. also apply. Further information on the Google Inc. data protection regulations can be found on http://www.google.de/intl/de/privacy or https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/. A plugin provided by the website analysis service by New Relic is used on this website. This service is provided by New Relic Inc., 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200 San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. This enables a statistical evaluation to be carried out of the speed of the website. Through the plugin, New Relic receives the information that a user has accessed the corresponding page on the website. If you are logged in as a New Relic user, New Relic will be able to attribute the visit to your account. If you are not a member of New Relic, however, New Relic can still find out and store your IP address. The purpose and scope of the data collection and information on the processing and use of the data by New Relic along with possible settings to protect users’ privacy can be found in the New Relic privacy statements: https://newrelic.com/privacy. If you are a member of New Relic and do not want New Relic to collect data about you via our websites and link it to your membership data stored with New Relic, you have to log out of New Relic before you visit our website. Our website uses the “+1′′ plugin provided by the social network Google+, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The button can be identified by the “+1” symbol on a white or coloured background. If you access website that contains the Google +1 button, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Google servers. The content of the plugin will be sent by Google to your browser and integrated by your browser into the website. According to Google, no personal data are collected unless you click on the button. Data of this kind, such as IP addresses, should only be collected and processed from members who are logged in. If you push the button, the resulting information is sent by your browser to Google and stored there. If you are a Google+ member and do not want Google to collect personal data via our website and link it to your Google member account, you have to log out of Google Plus before visiting our websites. You also have to delete the Google cookie before logging in to Google again to prevent a retroactive link. Alternatively, contact can be made via the email address provided. In this case, the personal data sent in the email are stored. These data are not passed on to third parties. The data are used exclusively for the conversation. For the processing of data following registration by the user for a newsletter where the user has consented, Article 6 paragraph 1A GDPR. For the processing of data sent via an email, Article 6 paragraph 1F with the above-mentioned legitimate interests. If the email contact aims to conclude a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Article 6 paragraph 1B GDPR. The processing of personal data from the input field is exclusively used to make contact. In the event that contact is made via email, there is also a legitimate interest in the processing of the data. The other personal data processed during the sending process are used to prevent abuse of the contact form and ensure the security of our information technology systems. The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of personal data entered into the contact form and that sent via email, this is the case once the respective conversation with the user is over. The conversation is over when the circumstances dictate that the content in question has been finally clarified. The personal data also collected during the sending process are deleted after a period of no more than seven days. Some of our websites require or offer registration. The data collected are used for the purposes of use of the respective websites and services unless otherwise described and explicitly consented to during registration. The data collected come from the input screen during registration. All additional data that you may add later to complete your profile are optional and voluntary. After registration, we are permitted to inform you of relevant circumstances linked to the service for which you have registered using the email address provided. There are fundamentally certain risks attached to the sending of data via the internet. There is no particular encryption of the data, in particular messages from contact forms on our website and messages in the chat service are sent unencrypted. Please consider this when sending data. If you want to communicate with us via encrypted email, this is possible via S/MIME encryption. Please inform us if you wish to use encryption as we normally send unencrypted information due to the low level of penetration of email encryption processes on the market. If you communicate your personal data to us, they will only be passed on to third parties where this is necessary to conclude the contractual relationship or this is justified for another legal reason. We provide certain services, however, with the assistance of service providers. We have selected these service providers carefully and taken appropriate measures to protect your personal data. to request confirmation from us regarding whether personal data concerning you are processed by us; if this is the case, you are entitled to information about these personal data and to the information individually listed in Article 15 GDPR. to request the transmission of the data concerning you subject to the restrictions of Article 20 GDPR in a commonly-used and machine-readable format. This also includes the transmission (where possible) to another controller directly appointed by you. to request that we correct your data where this is incorrect, inaccurate and/or incomplete. Correction also includes completion by means of clarification or communication. to request that we delete personal data concerning you immediately where one of the reasons listed individually in Article 17 GDPR applies. We are unfortunately not able to delete data that are subject to a statutory storage period. If you want us to cease contacting you via newsletter or in other ways, we will store your contact details on a blocked list for this purpose. to revoke any consent you may have granted effective for the future without experiencing any disadvantages as a result. to request that we restrict processing if one of the conditions set out in Article 18 GDPR is met. to refuse consent for the processing of personal data concerning you for reasons arising from your specific situation. We will then cease to process the personal data unless we are able to show compelling, reasons that are worthy of protection and outweigh your interests rights and freedoms, or the purpose of the processing is the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Article 21 GDPR). to make a claim to the supervisory authorities in the member state in which you are resident, in the location where you work or in the location of the alleged breach. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Microsoft Message Queuing or MSMQ is a Message Queue implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed in its Windows Server operating systems since Windows NT 4 and Windows 95. The latest Windows 7 also includes this component. In addition to its mainstream server platform support, MSMQ has been incorporated into Microsoft Embedded platforms since 1999 and the release of Windows CE 3.0. </s>" <s> Microsoft Message Queuing or MSMQ is a Message Queue implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed in its Windows Server operating systems since Windows NT 4 and Windows 95. The latest Windows 7 also includes this component. In addition to its mainstream server platform support, MSMQ has been incorporated into Microsoft Embedded platforms since 1999 and the release of Windows CE 3.0. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The April/May 2019 issue of Fieldsports takes you on a stunning piscatorial journey unlike ever before. We interview Jasper Paakkonnen, Finnish star of highly acclaimed TV show Vikings, about his love of fishing; British broadcaster, journalist and author Jeremy Paxman provides an intriguing insight into some of the UK’s most obscurely named salmon pools; and long-serving Scottish ghillie Ian Gordon offers advice on how to be the perfect client. On top of all that, we take you from the frigid steelhead waters of Alaska to the fly fishing wonderland that is the South American rainforest, Paul Procter shares his top sparsely-dressed patterns for tricky trout, and sculptor Jason Sweeney talks about his largest salmon commission to date. But Fieldsports would not be the same without reams of stalking and game shooting content to boot. Packed within the April/May issue's 196 pages are features on famous London gunmakers, spring roebuck stalking, game bird husbandry, an African plains game safari, must-try woodpigeon recipes, a Scottish shoot with sustainability at its core, and much, much more. </s>" <s> The April/May 2019 issue of Fieldsports takes you on a stunning piscatorial journey unlike ever before. We interview Jasper Paakkonnen, Finnish star of highly acclaimed TV show Vikings, about his love of fishing; British broadcaster, journalist and author Jeremy Paxman provides an intriguing insight into some of the UK’s most obscurely named salmon pools; and long-serving Scottish ghillie Ian Gordon offers advice on how to be the perfect client. On top of all that, we take you from the frigid steelhead waters of Alaska to the fly fishing wonderland that is the South American rainforest, Paul Procter shares his top sparsely-dressed patterns for tricky trout, and sculptor Jason Sweeney talks about his largest salmon commission to date. But Fieldsports would not be the same without reams of stalking and game shooting content to boot. Packed within the April/May issue's 196 pages are features on famous London gunmakers, spring roebuck stalking, game bird husbandry, an African plains game safari, must-try woodpigeon recipes, a Scottish shoot with sustainability at its core, and much, much more. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> 1- Titans 23-1 (Division Winner) 2- Barracudas 19-5 (Division Winner) 3- Knights 17-7 (Wildcard Winner) 4- Red Devilz 15-9 5- Colt 45's 14-10 6- Bears 13-11 7- Wildcats 12-12 8- Renegades 12-12 9- Bison 12-12 10- Braves 8-16 11- Bobcats 5-19 12- Privateers 3-21 13- Heat 3-21 Playoff series begin on Saturday, August 28, 2010 at the above time/location for Games 1 and 2. The highest seeded team will be home team in Game #1. The lower seeded team will be home team in Game #2. If a game 3 is necessary, location and time will be determined as soon as results are known Saturday afternoon or early evening. The highest seeded team will be home team in Game # 3. The Central Ohio MABL will take on the Columbus MSBL in the annual All Star Game on Saturday, August 7, 2010 at 7:05 PM. The clash of the two leagues will take place at Bill Davis Stadium. There will be food and beverage sales via the concession stands from 3:30/4:00 until 9:00. The food options should include hot dogs, brats, nachos, popcorn, pizza, etc� Beverages will also include beer sales at a decent price considering that it is via Sodexo that handles all of OSU�s food and beverage � 16 ounces of beer for $5.50. Congratulations to the following players who have been selected to the 2010 All MABL Team. Pitchers- Jerry Tulga (Titans), Wayne Lewis (Cudas), Joslin Ramirez (Colt 45's), Chris Antonides (Knights), Dan Barker (Bears), Andrew Lee (Wildcats), Eric McCoy (Red Devilz), Dan McGinnis (Renegades) Catchers- Nate Recht (Red Devilz), Adam Greening (Titans), Mike Spiert Jr. (Cudas) OF- David Schart (Cudas), Troy Reeder (Bobcats), Matt Brennesal (Knights, Chuck Roseman (Wildcats), Bryce Bednarczyk (Wildcats), Shawn Herlihy (Knights) IF- Carter Garnon (Titans), John Sherrod (Braves), Scott Wadman (Wildcats), Scott Tourville (Titans), Nick Butler (Privateers), Chance Straughsbaugh (Bears), Ty Carrol (Bison) Players should arrive no later than 5:30 PM. If you are not able to attend, please contact your myself or your manager so that a selected reserve player can be notified. </s>" <s> 1- Titans 23-1 (Division Winner) 2- Barracudas 19-5 (Division Winner) 3- Knights 17-7 (Wildcard Winner) 4- Red Devilz 15-9 5- Colt 45's 14-10 6- Bears 13-11 7- Wildcats 12-12 8- Renegades 12-12 9- Bison 12-12 10- Braves 8-16 11- Bobcats 5-19 12- Privateers 3-21 13- Heat 3-21 Playoff series begin on Saturday, August 28, 2010 at the above time/location for Games 1 and 2. The highest seeded team will be home team in Game #1. The lower seeded team will be home team in Game #2. If a game 3 is necessary, location and time will be determined as soon as results are known Saturday afternoon or early evening. The highest seeded team will be home team in Game # 3. The Central Ohio MABL will take on the Columbus MSBL in the annual All Star Game on Saturday, August 7, 2010 at 7:05 PM. The clash of the two leagues will take place at Bill Davis Stadium. There will be food and beverage sales via the concession stands from 3:30/4:00 until 9:00. The food options should include hot dogs, brats, nachos, popcorn, pizza, etc� Beverages will also include beer sales at a decent price considering that it is via Sodexo that handles all of OSU�s food and beverage � 16 ounces of beer for $5.50. Congratulations to the following players who have been selected to the 2010 All MABL Team. Pitchers- Jerry Tulga (Titans), Wayne Lewis (Cudas), Joslin Ramirez (Colt 45's), Chris Antonides (Knights), Dan Barker (Bears), Andrew Lee (Wildcats), Eric McCoy (Red Devilz), Dan McGinnis (Renegades) Catchers- Nate Recht (Red Devilz), Adam Greening (Titans), Mike Spiert Jr. (Cudas) OF- David Schart (Cudas), Troy Reeder (Bobcats), Matt Brennesal (Knights, Chuck Roseman (Wildcats), Bryce Bednarczyk (Wildcats), Shawn Herlihy (Knights) IF- Carter Garnon (Titans), John Sherrod (Braves), Scott Wadman (Wildcats), Scott Tourville (Titans), Nick Butler (Privateers), Chance Straughsbaugh (Bears), Ty Carrol (Bison) Players should arrive no later than 5:30 PM. If you are not able to attend, please contact your myself or your manager so that a selected reserve player can be notified. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> VoiceComputer is about making every element of your computer accessible and making everything work together so that voice computing is easy to use and highly productive. VoiceComputer doesn�t break barriers, it eliminates them! VoiceComputer, the best speech recognition software, brings unprecedented usability and accessibility to Dragon. The reason is simple: Our Intag speech interface delivers the simplest, most accessible, versatile and productive voice control of your computer ever. Delivers up to 100% hands-free computer control. Probably The Most User-Friendly And Ergonomic Way To Control Your Computer. Ever. VoiceComputer brings usability, productivity, ease-of-use and unprecedented accessibility to speech recognition. VoiceComputer is the all-in-one add-on for Dragon. It works with Dragon to let you control your computer with little or no mouse use, no keyboard, and no stress. Enjoy the easiest, fastest, and most accessible hands-free control of your own computer today. Fast and easy speech control of Windows, your applications, files and folders and the Internet. VoiceComputer is the most hands-free and truly user-friendly way to control your computer with speech recognition. It makes Dragon better because it gives you productive control and access to everything others can do with a mouse and keyboard. VoiceComputer was designed for both those who have difficulty using their hands and those who have physical challenges that prevent them from using conventional computer input devices. VoiceComputer Is The Only All-In-One Dragon / Speech Recognition Solution. VoiceComputer is the best in speech recognition because it was designed as we trained and worked with our users. It has the most complete feature set in speech recognition because that's what our users needed to do their jobs. View our demos. And, ask us for a free evaluation copy. We designed it to change your life. VoiceComputer brings you comprehensive interactive help and learning at every stage as you use speech recognition. Thus, you will actively participate in learning as you ask for and receive exactly the instructions that you need, without interruption, when you want it, while you work. With Dragon, you may eventually learn what you can do by trial and error, but with a lot of frustration. With VoiceComputer, If You Want To Know How To Do Something: Just Ask! With VoiceComputer, you will enjoy instant, hands-free access to a complete user manual. You will be able to learn as you work, helping you get your work done. VoiceComputer is made for all learning styles. It includes tutorials, videos, exercises, help screens and comprehensive lessons for Dragon. Now you can master speech recognition with the most comprehensive Dragon training guide and user documentation available. VoiceComputer allows you to size, position, and/or switch to any application on your desktop with only one or two speech commands. Now you can size, position and switch to any application even when you have 10, 20 or more applications open and you're using multiple monitors. With other programs, the same activity could take a dozen commands. The Windows desktop is where you get your work done. We make it easy to keep it organized and productive. VoiceComputer’s Voice Mouse is the most complete and productive speech-controlled mouse ever. Far faster, easier-to-use and much more powerful than Dragon’s mouse commands, our Voice Mouse is essential for those who need hands-free control of their computers. VoiceComputer’s mouse commands let you click, double click, ctrl-click, alt-click, shift-click, move, and drag and drop in a single command or two. In addition, the Voice Mouse supports up to three monitors. ""the more I use it, the more impressed I am and love it!"" The VoiceComputer Microphone lets you enjoy complete hands-free accessibility. The VoiceComputer microphone is always listening in the background, letting you turn on the Dragon microphone, restart / shutdown Dragon (and VoiceComputer) and even restart / shutdown your computer. Is the Dragon microphone turned off? Just say, ""Wake up Wake up*"". Need to shutdown or restart your computer? ""Computer Computer*"" and you'll be able to restart Dragon or restart your computer. * Our microphone, like the rest of our product, is unique. It uses a sequence of two commands in order to help prevent false positives (where the speech engine turns on the Dragon microphone or restarts Dragon because it misheard you). You can easily customize VoiceComputer without scripting or programming. Now you easily create Move to and Change to Folder commands for Outlook, Lotus, or GroupWise. Now you can create keyboard and mouse commands without scripting. Access Your Files At The Speed Of Sound. VoiceComputer has dozens of navigation commands that let you quickly and simply move through your documents by voice. Get your work done with the easiest and most complete voice navigation commands available. For example, VoiceComputer lets you scroll and/or page up and down through virtually any Windows application and you can set the scrolling / paging speed from a blur to a line at a time. VoiceComputer even lets you move through other documents, web pages, or applications and copy from them, as you continue working in your own document. VoiceComputer’s proprietary My InTags technology lets you make any screen accessible with an incredibly easy-to-use voice template system. No scripting or programming necessary! Fast. The simplest and fastest way to access and control previously inaccessible screens. Easy Now you'll be able to easily access and control thousands of windows and screens that you could never access with only Dragon! Easy. Now you'll be able to easily access and control thousands of windows and screens that you could never access with only Dragon! We can customize our InTags speech interface so you can easily control anything and everything on your computer by voice, including complex, mouse-intensive applications and databases. Fast and Simple. We eliminated unnecessary commands. For example, our numbered overlay reopens after each command, simplifying control and letting you quickly control and drill through applications. Complete. InTags offers complete mouse control. You can issue any mouse command (click, double, right, & shift click) and drag and drop, etc. You can even create your own commands by combining any combination of clicks and keys that you want. VoiceComputer's Intag commands almost extinct. Features the world’s first ergonomic user interface. For all of us. VoiceComputer is an all-in-one solution that provides unequaled ease-of-use, accessibility and fast, productive control of the Windows desktop, file system, your applications, and the Internet. VoiceComputer is so easy to learn that you can actually greatly reduce your mouse / touchpad use today. In minutes. VoiceComputer integrates and works in conjunction with all versions of Dragon Premium, Professional, Professional Individual, Professional Group, Legal and Medical 10-15. With your purchase of VoiceComputer you'll qualify for free updates (by download) until the next version of Dragon (Dragon usually releases a new version every 2 years). VoiceComputer has several updates a year and you can download them at your convenience. What are VoiceComputer's minimum requirements (hardware and software)? InTag also works with Windows Speech Recognition. Windows 7, 8 or 10 (32-bit or 64-bit), . Storage device (USB/ CD Burner /Network) for backing up voice files. An available USB port for sound pod. A high-quality microphone and USB sound pod. </s>" <s> VoiceComputer is about making every element of your computer accessible and making everything work together so that voice computing is easy to use and highly productive. VoiceComputer doesn�t break barriers, it eliminates them! VoiceComputer, the best speech recognition software, brings unprecedented usability and accessibility to Dragon. The reason is simple: Our Intag speech interface delivers the simplest, most accessible, versatile and productive voice control of your computer ever. Delivers up to 100% hands-free computer control. Probably The Most User-Friendly And Ergonomic Way To Control Your Computer. Ever. VoiceComputer brings usability, productivity, ease-of-use and unprecedented accessibility to speech recognition. VoiceComputer is the all-in-one add-on for Dragon. It works with Dragon to let you control your computer with little or no mouse use, no keyboard, and no stress. Enjoy the easiest, fastest, and most accessible hands-free control of your own computer today. Fast and easy speech control of Windows, your applications, files and folders and the Internet. VoiceComputer is the most hands-free and truly user-friendly way to control your computer with speech recognition. It makes Dragon better because it gives you productive control and access to everything others can do with a mouse and keyboard. VoiceComputer was designed for both those who have difficulty using their hands and those who have physical challenges that prevent them from using conventional computer input devices. VoiceComputer Is The Only All-In-One Dragon / Speech Recognition Solution. VoiceComputer is the best in speech recognition because it was designed as we trained and worked with our users. It has the most complete feature set in speech recognition because that's what our users needed to do their jobs. View our demos. And, ask us for a free evaluation copy. We designed it to change your life. VoiceComputer brings you comprehensive interactive help and learning at every stage as you use speech recognition. Thus, you will actively participate in learning as you ask for and receive exactly the instructions that you need, without interruption, when you want it, while you work. With Dragon, you may eventually learn what you can do by trial and error, but with a lot of frustration. With VoiceComputer, If You Want To Know How To Do Something: Just Ask! With VoiceComputer, you will enjoy instant, hands-free access to a complete user manual. You will be able to learn as you work, helping you get your work done. VoiceComputer is made for all learning styles. It includes tutorials, videos, exercises, help screens and comprehensive lessons for Dragon. Now you can master speech recognition with the most comprehensive Dragon training guide and user documentation available. VoiceComputer allows you to size, position, and/or switch to any application on your desktop with only one or two speech commands. Now you can size, position and switch to any application even when you have 10, 20 or more applications open and you're using multiple monitors. With other programs, the same activity could take a dozen commands. The Windows desktop is where you get your work done. We make it easy to keep it organized and productive. VoiceComputer’s Voice Mouse is the most complete and productive speech-controlled mouse ever. Far faster, easier-to-use and much more powerful than Dragon’s mouse commands, our Voice Mouse is essential for those who need hands-free control of their computers. VoiceComputer’s mouse commands let you click, double click, ctrl-click, alt-click, shift-click, move, and drag and drop in a single command or two. In addition, the Voice Mouse supports up to three monitors. """the" more I use it, the more impressed I am and love "it!""" The VoiceComputer Microphone lets you enjoy complete hands-free accessibility. The VoiceComputer microphone is always listening in the background, letting you turn on the Dragon microphone, restart / shutdown Dragon (and VoiceComputer) and even restart / shutdown your computer. Is the Dragon microphone turned off? Just say, """Wake" up Wake "up*""." Need to shutdown or restart your computer? """Computer" "Computer*""" and you'll be able to restart Dragon or restart your computer. * Our microphone, like the rest of our product, is unique. It uses a sequence of two commands in order to help prevent false positives (where the speech engine turns on the Dragon microphone or restarts Dragon because it misheard you). You can easily customize VoiceComputer without scripting or programming. Now you easily create Move to and Change to Folder commands for Outlook, Lotus, or GroupWise. Now you can create keyboard and mouse commands without scripting. Access Your Files At The Speed Of Sound. VoiceComputer has dozens of navigation commands that let you quickly and simply move through your documents by voice. Get your work done with the easiest and most complete voice navigation commands available. For example, VoiceComputer lets you scroll and/or page up and down through virtually any Windows application and you can set the scrolling / paging speed from a blur to a line at a time. VoiceComputer even lets you move through other documents, web pages, or applications and copy from them, as you continue working in your own document. VoiceComputer’s proprietary My InTags technology lets you make any screen accessible with an incredibly easy-to-use voice template system. No scripting or programming necessary! Fast. The simplest and fastest way to access and control previously inaccessible screens. Easy Now you'll be able to easily access and control thousands of windows and screens that you could never access with only Dragon! Easy. Now you'll be able to easily access and control thousands of windows and screens that you could never access with only Dragon! We can customize our InTags speech interface so you can easily control anything and everything on your computer by voice, including complex, mouse-intensive applications and databases. Fast and Simple. We eliminated unnecessary commands. For example, our numbered overlay reopens after each command, simplifying control and letting you quickly control and drill through applications. Complete. InTags offers complete mouse control. You can issue any mouse command (click, double, right, & shift click) and drag and drop, etc. You can even create your own commands by combining any combination of clicks and keys that you want. VoiceComputer's Intag commands almost extinct. Features the world’s first ergonomic user interface. For all of us. VoiceComputer is an all-in-one solution that provides unequaled ease-of-use, accessibility and fast, productive control of the Windows desktop, file system, your applications, and the Internet. VoiceComputer is so easy to learn that you can actually greatly reduce your mouse / touchpad use today. In minutes. VoiceComputer integrates and works in conjunction with all versions of Dragon Premium, Professional, Professional Individual, Professional Group, Legal and Medical 10-15. With your purchase of VoiceComputer you'll qualify for free updates (by download) until the next version of Dragon (Dragon usually releases a new version every 2 years). VoiceComputer has several updates a year and you can download them at your convenience. What are VoiceComputer's minimum requirements (hardware and software)? InTag also works with Windows Speech Recognition. Windows 7, 8 or 10 (32-bit or 64-bit), . Storage device (USB/ CD Burner /Network) for backing up voice files. An available USB port for sound pod. A high-quality microphone and USB sound pod. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Year 11 completed their practical assessment last week in food and cookery. It was great to see their final outcomes and hard work. Their brief was to make a two-course meal suitable for a wedding in less than two hours. Dishes were well presented and tasted great. Well done on their hard work. </s>" <s> Year 11 completed their practical assessment last week in food and cookery. It was great to see their final outcomes and hard work. Their brief was to make a two-course meal suitable for a wedding in less than two hours. Dishes were well presented and tasted great. Well done on their hard work. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May, 1777. Manuscript/Mixed Material. https://www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/. (1777) George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May. [Manuscript/Mixed Material] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/. George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May, 1777. Manuscript/Mixed Material. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/>. </s>" <s> George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May, 1777. Manuscript/Mixed Material. https://www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/. (1777) George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May. [Manuscript/Mixed Material] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/. George Washington Papers, Series 4, General Correspondence: Francis Wade to George Washington, May . May, 1777. Manuscript/Mixed Material. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/mgw447348/>. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> CarmenCute CandyCatch livejasmin. StellaAndEmily. affrosexdita. MARTINVITORIA. CosmicLiluaffrosexditalolatigotwofoxy4pleasure .StellaAndEmilyBelleCocoBlueKarenSelenaElektraBrasil .ANDREWnPOLLUXXXDaennerisAmelieBreesimjim .NemoSlimBoyDivineNattyAnnaReyyjadeje .JamesClemLollynkaAlexanderDilanAmiHoney .LollynkaxBigDickManxPattyJohnsondavidxxxcolombia .twofoxy4pleasureSexyAmbarElzaFairytaleEvaStone .hotmasterfukelolatigoBeautyMNathalieJaredRockX .AJRomeoElektraBrasilSusannah00AmaliaBurton .DivineNattyTwoverysexygirlsMARTINVITORIAXDrtyAngela69X .GoddessMargosimjimjadejeThomasKing . AmmyNicoleNiponPaulFlexibleSnakeSweetSexyU4X .ToddYorkXlittlebrianixxMARTINVITORIAbyanka1 .CandiceMillerLollynkaxBigDickManxRjKing .AllenBelfordMAXIMOvsZEUSMAXIMOvsZEUSEvaStone .Mia7XXAnnaBelleXXSexySaraBlackJakeeFunny .KarenSelenaReginaMoonIrresistibleLoveMARTINVITORIA .PattyJohnsonSexyAmbarMia7AfroditaGreenEye .MARTINVITORIATracceyIsabelleDelightAlexanderDilan .lolatigoToddYorkXAmaliaBurtonBelleCocoBlue .KinkyKayleighBlondyEmilyNicoleDrakeRjKing .iPalominoyusefElektraBrasilAmiHoney . </s>" <s> CarmenCute CandyCatch livejasmin. StellaAndEmily. affrosexdita. MARTINVITORIA. CosmicLiluaffrosexditalolatigotwofoxy4pleasure .StellaAndEmilyBelleCocoBlueKarenSelenaElektraBrasil .ANDREWnPOLLUXXXDaennerisAmelieBreesimjim .NemoSlimBoyDivineNattyAnnaReyyjadeje .JamesClemLollynkaAlexanderDilanAmiHoney .LollynkaxBigDickManxPattyJohnsondavidxxxcolombia .twofoxy4pleasureSexyAmbarElzaFairytaleEvaStone .hotmasterfukelolatigoBeautyMNathalieJaredRockX .AJRomeoElektraBrasilSusannah00AmaliaBurton .DivineNattyTwoverysexygirlsMARTINVITORIAXDrtyAngela69X .GoddessMargosimjimjadejeThomasKing . AmmyNicoleNiponPaulFlexibleSnakeSweetSexyU4X .ToddYorkXlittlebrianixxMARTINVITORIAbyanka1 .CandiceMillerLollynkaxBigDickManxRjKing .AllenBelfordMAXIMOvsZEUSMAXIMOvsZEUSEvaStone .Mia7XXAnnaBelleXXSexySaraBlackJakeeFunny .KarenSelenaReginaMoonIrresistibleLoveMARTINVITORIA .PattyJohnsonSexyAmbarMia7AfroditaGreenEye .MARTINVITORIATracceyIsabelleDelightAlexanderDilan .lolatigoToddYorkXAmaliaBurtonBelleCocoBlue .KinkyKayleighBlondyEmilyNicoleDrakeRjKing .iPalominoyusefElektraBrasilAmiHoney . </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> After seven fabulous years with you all, we are sorry to let you know that we're going to be retiring the Flixster Community site on September 30, 2014. Please note that you can still access your ratings, reviews, and quizzes on Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes using your same login. We have had so much fun building this community with you. You must login to access that page. Please login below. </s>" <s> After seven fabulous years with you all, we are sorry to let you know that we're going to be retiring the Flixster Community site on September 30, 2014. Please note that you can still access your ratings, reviews, and quizzes on Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes using your same login. We have had so much fun building this community with you. You must login to access that page. Please login below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The eleven-member NAE Committee on Implementing Engineering Messages was appointed in spring 2010 by NAE President (and committee co-chair) Charles M. Vest. The committee is responsibility for overseeing the NSF-funded project of which the Changing the Conversation website is a key component. Committee members come from a diverse set of institutions and are committed to the goal of improving messaging about engineering in the United States. </s>" <s> The eleven-member NAE Committee on Implementing Engineering Messages was appointed in spring 2010 by NAE President (and committee co-chair) Charles M. Vest. The committee is responsibility for overseeing the NSF-funded project of which the Changing the Conversation website is a key component. Committee members come from a diverse set of institutions and are committed to the goal of improving messaging about engineering in the United States. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> German power metallers HELLOWEEEN have been forced to cancel their Japanese tour due to the sudden illness of drummer Daniel “Dani” Löble. In the morning hours of June 14, Löble was hospitalized with appendicitis. He underwent an emergency surgery and his doctors have strongly advised him to rest for several weeks. Due to Dani‘s condition, the band has no choice but to postpone the scheduled Japanese tour starting this Sunday in Hiroshima. The promoter Creative Man Production Co., Ltd. is currently working on rescheduling the dates. Please keep your tickets and kindly wait for further instructions and updates via HELLOWEEN‘s and Creative Man‘s homepage and Facebook page. HELLOWEEN is continuing to tour in support of its 15th studio album, “My God-Given Right”, which was released in May 2015 via Nuclear Blast. The CD was recorded between October 2014 and February 2015 at the band’s MiSueno Studio on the isle of Tenerife with producer Charlie Bauerfeind (GOTTHARD, HAMMERFALL). The “My God-Given Right” artwork was once again created by graphic guru Martin Häusler (BON JOVI, QUEEN, GOTTHARD) and is also available as a 3D lenticular print. HELLOWEEN returned to North America to play select shows in February and March. KATAKLYSM – ""We Haven’t Been This Excited To Release An Album In A Very Long Time"" </s>" <s> German power metallers HELLOWEEEN have been forced to cancel their Japanese tour due to the sudden illness of drummer Daniel “Dani” Löble. In the morning hours of June 14, Löble was hospitalized with appendicitis. He underwent an emergency surgery and his doctors have strongly advised him to rest for several weeks. Due to Dani‘s condition, the band has no choice but to postpone the scheduled Japanese tour starting this Sunday in Hiroshima. The promoter Creative Man Production Co., Ltd. is currently working on rescheduling the dates. Please keep your tickets and kindly wait for further instructions and updates via HELLOWEEN‘s and Creative Man‘s homepage and Facebook page. HELLOWEEN is continuing to tour in support of its 15th studio album, “My God-Given Right”, which was released in May 2015 via Nuclear Blast. The CD was recorded between October 2014 and February 2015 at the band’s MiSueno Studio on the isle of Tenerife with producer Charlie Bauerfeind (GOTTHARD, HAMMERFALL). The “My God-Given Right” artwork was once again created by graphic guru Martin Häusler (BON JOVI, QUEEN, GOTTHARD) and is also available as a 3D lenticular print. HELLOWEEN returned to North America to play select shows in February and March. KATAKLYSM – """We" Haven’t Been This Excited To Release An Album In A Very Long "Time""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> A commonly asked question by clients is around the deductibility of rental property expenses if you rent to a relative. We now have more clarity on the arrangement due to the recent case held in November 2012 at the Administrative Appeals Tribunal Bocaz v FCT. The ATO released Taxation Ruling IT 2167 in 1985 which discussed the ATO’s position with respect to the letting of a rental property to relatives. The general view was that if the let of a rental property to relatives was on a normal commercial basis the owner of the rental property would be assessable on rent received, and be entitled to the same deductions that any other person would normally be able to receive. Alternatively, if the rental property is let to relatives at less than market value the deductions would be limited to the amount of assessable income received (and hence no negative gearing possible). The first house was rented to her ex-husband, who paid $200 per week in rent plus also agreed to undertake repairs/renovations necessary. The second property was occupied by the taxpayer’s son. This was a joint tenant and the son paid $165 per week in rent. The rent earned from the two properties was assessable as income. The rental arrangements were not non-commercial arrangements. Although the rent was less than market value for property No 1. With husband, the fact he was doing repair work and other restorations effectively lifted the effective rent that was being paid to a commercial level. The taxpayer paid interest and other costs for the properties and was entitled to a tax deduction. An accountant owned a property in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne and rented it to his sister. The sister paid $300 per week for rent, and the market value for rentals in the area is $400. Deductions would normally be limited to the assessable income earned. The accountant also owned another property in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne and rented it to his son. The rent was $305 per week and market value rent was between $300 - $320. As the rent was market value the accountant will be able to obtain a tax deduction for all expenses incurred. This case confirms the long-held ATO view that if an investment property is rented to a relative at a commercial rate than a full tax deduction can be claimed against that income, and can if applicable, result in a loss in the property to be offset against other personal income received. Hillyer Riches is a specialist accounting, business advisory and SMSF firm located in Melbourne. We service areas in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne such as, Caulfield, Camberwell & Malvern. For more information email an accountant at hilric@hillyerriches.com.au or phone us on 03 9571 5333. This article is for general information only and should not be relied upon without first seeking advice from an appropriately qualified accountant or other suitable professional. </s>" <s> A commonly asked question by clients is around the deductibility of rental property expenses if you rent to a relative. We now have more clarity on the arrangement due to the recent case held in November 2012 at the Administrative Appeals Tribunal Bocaz v FCT. The ATO released Taxation Ruling IT 2167 in 1985 which discussed the ATO’s position with respect to the letting of a rental property to relatives. The general view was that if the let of a rental property to relatives was on a normal commercial basis the owner of the rental property would be assessable on rent received, and be entitled to the same deductions that any other person would normally be able to receive. Alternatively, if the rental property is let to relatives at less than market value the deductions would be limited to the amount of assessable income received (and hence no negative gearing possible). The first house was rented to her ex-husband, who paid $200 per week in rent plus also agreed to undertake repairs/renovations necessary. The second property was occupied by the taxpayer’s son. This was a joint tenant and the son paid $165 per week in rent. The rent earned from the two properties was assessable as income. The rental arrangements were not non-commercial arrangements. Although the rent was less than market value for property No 1. With husband, the fact he was doing repair work and other restorations effectively lifted the effective rent that was being paid to a commercial level. The taxpayer paid interest and other costs for the properties and was entitled to a tax deduction. An accountant owned a property in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne and rented it to his sister. The sister paid $300 per week for rent, and the market value for rentals in the area is $400. Deductions would normally be limited to the assessable income earned. The accountant also owned another property in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne and rented it to his son. The rent was $305 per week and market value rent was between $300 - $320. As the rent was market value the accountant will be able to obtain a tax deduction for all expenses incurred. This case confirms the long-held ATO view that if an investment property is rented to a relative at a commercial rate than a full tax deduction can be claimed against that income, and can if applicable, result in a loss in the property to be offset against other personal income received. Hillyer Riches is a specialist accounting, business advisory and SMSF firm located in Melbourne. We service areas in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne such as, Caulfield, Camberwell & Malvern. For more information email an accountant at hilric@hillyerriches.com.au or phone us on 03 9571 5333. This article is for general information only and should not be relied upon without first seeking advice from an appropriately qualified accountant or other suitable professional. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Pet City’s Experience and Professionalism Is Unbeatable! Since 1988, Pet City Houston has established a very high-caliber pet store. We offer excellent customer service and healthy pets to each client in every way! Our family owned company hires only the most professional, knowledgeable, hard working and friendly staff.We strive continuously to provide all clients and their families with a healthy and happy new animal friend. Amazing Puppies and Unique Animals Are Our Specialty! What makes Pet City Houston so unique and special? Our exotic pets, reptiles, freshwater and saltwater fish, birds, small animals and of course, our amazing puppies! We only hire and employ the most animal-smart staff imaginable, who will find a solution to any pet or client’s needs. Pet City Houston has been offering pets to animal lovers for over 25 years! Every day, we do our very best to avoid individuals who would abuse animals and not offer love to them. Along with the American Kennel Club (A.K.C.), the United States Department of Agriculture (U.S.D.A.) and in some cases Texas Parks and Wildlife, Pet City Houston carefully inspects each animal and puppy source by using a very comprehensive and detailed standards check list. Just to double-verify, Pet City re-inspects every animal breeder to ensure they maintain a loving environment for the pets they sell to us. Pet City Houston: The Largest Family Owned Pet Store In Texas! Pet City is known as one of the last true pet stores in existence, hence one of the largest family owned private pet stores in Texas! We sincerely look forward to introducing you to our experienced staff members and especially, your newest, most special friend, your new pet! </s>" <s> Pet City’s Experience and Professionalism Is Unbeatable! Since 1988, Pet City Houston has established a very high-caliber pet store. We offer excellent customer service and healthy pets to each client in every way! Our family owned company hires only the most professional, knowledgeable, hard working and friendly staff.We strive continuously to provide all clients and their families with a healthy and happy new animal friend. Amazing Puppies and Unique Animals Are Our Specialty! What makes Pet City Houston so unique and special? Our exotic pets, reptiles, freshwater and saltwater fish, birds, small animals and of course, our amazing puppies! We only hire and employ the most animal-smart staff imaginable, who will find a solution to any pet or client’s needs. Pet City Houston has been offering pets to animal lovers for over 25 years! Every day, we do our very best to avoid individuals who would abuse animals and not offer love to them. Along with the American Kennel Club (A.K.C.), the United States Department of Agriculture (U.S.D.A.) and in some cases Texas Parks and Wildlife, Pet City Houston carefully inspects each animal and puppy source by using a very comprehensive and detailed standards check list. Just to double-verify, Pet City re-inspects every animal breeder to ensure they maintain a loving environment for the pets they sell to us. Pet City Houston: The Largest Family Owned Pet Store In Texas! Pet City is known as one of the last true pet stores in existence, hence one of the largest family owned private pet stores in Texas! We sincerely look forward to introducing you to our experienced staff members and especially, your newest, most special friend, your new pet! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Just in Time For Halloween: Spooky Things Happening on Mars! Yes there is actually something kinds strange and spooky going on Mars right now as a large cloud of smoke has been spotted. The large cloud was spotted by a European ship that has been orbiting Mars for the last month now, which you can see here from space.com. And this plume of smoke has to be pretty big if it was spotted from hundreds of thousands of miles away. Well according to Space.com and scientists, they believe that the cloud is full of water ice, created by air flow along the side of the volcano. The clouds on Mars also change during the day, so that can also be for the large clouds of smoke that move around the planet. Its kinda of creepy but also kind of cool especially if you really like Mars or weird things that happen in Space. Anyway the full story is here. </s>" <s> Just in Time For Halloween: Spooky Things Happening on Mars! Yes there is actually something kinds strange and spooky going on Mars right now as a large cloud of smoke has been spotted. The large cloud was spotted by a European ship that has been orbiting Mars for the last month now, which you can see here from space.com. And this plume of smoke has to be pretty big if it was spotted from hundreds of thousands of miles away. Well according to Space.com and scientists, they believe that the cloud is full of water ice, created by air flow along the side of the volcano. The clouds on Mars also change during the day, so that can also be for the large clouds of smoke that move around the planet. Its kinda of creepy but also kind of cool especially if you really like Mars or weird things that happen in Space. Anyway the full story is here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> You might have heard the San Diego Opera will be closing its curtains to the public in June this year. Efforts are underway to save the nearly 50-year-old institution, but San Diegans are still grappling with what this means for the city's national stature. Carlos Cota, business manager for Local 122 of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, had a few things to say about the closure. He was particularly displeased with the method in which stagehands learned of the closure — an unceremonious Facebook post. On this week's podcast, he gave VOSD Radio's hosts Andy Keatts, Scott Lewis and Caty Green his two cents on what happened and what's ahead for the opera. Here are some of the key points Cota made. Small businesses are gonna feel this. ""It's definitely one of the biggest arts organizations in our city and we're going to lose all that talent — companies in particular. What a lot of the general public doesn't understand or even have knowledge of, is that on Commercial Avenue there's the San Diego Opera Scenic Studios, and they build ... all of the sets. We also build all the costumes locally. So welding shop, a wood shop, a full paint shop, full production for props and everything else as well with all the costumes."" The opera can survive with some changes. ""There is a market. There's 31,000 (people) right now for grand opera — that's what we're doing. We're doing world-class opera, so I can't fault that. It's beautiful, it's well-recognized. People travel in and fly from all over the country and all over the world to see the San Diego Opera. But that maybe is half of the market in San Diego, you know? Maybe we need to give the opera to a new demographic, you know? ... More modern, bells and whistles, to reach a younger, broader audience."" But it'll take new leadership. ""This is, in my opinion the most undignified way to go. ... We have put on world-class opera for years in San Diego, you know? Met-quality, high-scale, full grand opera, and so you know, it's difficult, but Ian (Campbell) has given up ... My opinion is that they gave up on us. They gave up on our city, they gave up to all of us who have devoted our lives and careers to the San Diego Opera and it's time to look for new leadership."" </s>" <s> You might have heard the San Diego Opera will be closing its curtains to the public in June this year. Efforts are underway to save the nearly 50-year-old institution, but San Diegans are still grappling with what this means for the city's national stature. Carlos Cota, business manager for Local 122 of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, had a few things to say about the closure. He was particularly displeased with the method in which stagehands learned of the closure — an unceremonious Facebook post. On this week's podcast, he gave VOSD Radio's hosts Andy Keatts, Scott Lewis and Caty Green his two cents on what happened and what's ahead for the opera. Here are some of the key points Cota made. Small businesses are gonna feel this. """It's" definitely one of the biggest arts organizations in our city and we're going to lose all that talent — companies in particular. What a lot of the general public doesn't understand or even have knowledge of, is that on Commercial Avenue there's the San Diego Opera Scenic Studios, and they build ... all of the sets. We also build all the costumes locally. So welding shop, a wood shop, a full paint shop, full production for props and everything else as well with all the "costumes.""" The opera can survive with some changes. """There" is a market. There's 31,000 (people) right now for grand opera — that's what we're doing. We're doing world-class opera, so I can't fault that. It's beautiful, it's well-recognized. People travel in and fly from all over the country and all over the world to see the San Diego Opera. But that maybe is half of the market in San Diego, you know? Maybe we need to give the opera to a new demographic, you know? ... More modern, bells and whistles, to reach a younger, broader "audience.""" But it'll take new leadership. """This" is, in my opinion the most undignified way to go. ... We have put on world-class opera for years in San Diego, you know? Met-quality, high-scale, full grand opera, and so you know, it's difficult, but Ian (Campbell) has given up ... My opinion is that they gave up on us. They gave up on our city, they gave up to all of us who have devoted our lives and careers to the San Diego Opera and it's time to look for new "leadership.""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Richard Heinberg is the author of The Party's Over: Oil, War and the Fate of Industrial Societies (New Society, 2003); he is a journalist, educator, editor, lecturer, and a Core Faculty member of New College of California, where he teaches courses on ""Energy and Society"" and ""Culture, Ecology and Sustainable Community"". His essays and articles have appeared in many journals including The Futurist, Earth Island Journal, Wild Matters, Alternative Press Review, and The Sun. With the publication of recent books by former White House terrorism advisor Richard Clarke (Against All Enemies) and former Republican strategist Kevin Phillips (American Dynasty), and with revelations from former Treasure Secretary Paul O'Neill (in The Price of Loyalty, by Ron Suskind), the current administration appears to be uncomfortably on the defensive. Attacks from the left are to be expected and can be shrugged off relatively lightly; but the defection of insiders capable of lifting the shroud of secrecy surrounding White House deals and decisions poses a real problem. Add to this the boggling revelations in Craig Unger's House of Bush, House of Saud, and the potential for a meltdown of the still-formidable Bush political machine starts to look possible  perhaps even inevitable. 2. Place criminals and human rights violators in prominent policy-making positions. 3. Facilitate a terrorist attack on the US in order to consolidate political power. 4. Lie to the American people and the world in order to justify the illegal invasion of a sovereign nation. 5. Undermine the system of international law by proclaiming the validity of a policy of pre-emptive attack. We have yet to see the ultimate fallout from this brazen action. The neoconservatives in charge of American foreign policy have essentially put forward the view that the US is above international law. The Bush administration has refused to join the World Court and has undermined existing conventions on nuclear missiles. The unprovoked invasion of one sovereign nation by another (of Iraq by the US and Britain) is a direct violation of the UN Charter; indeed, it is exactly the sort of behavior the UN was established to prevent. In addition, the United States' actions with regard to prisoners held at Camp Delta at the Guantanamo Bay naval station have directly violated the Geneva Conventions: the prisoners are being held as ""unlawful combatants,"" a term with no meaning in international law. By asserting unique rights, immunities, and privileges, the US has alienated the rest of the international community. Eventually, such behavior will cause other nations to form political and military alliances to oppose US hegemony. While the US has the military capability of defeating nearly any individual foe, it cannot subdue the rest of the world working in concert. And economically America is in a far weaker position than it is militarily: if only a few key nations were to cease supporting US trade deficits and government borrowing, the results would be catastrophic. Unilateralism sets the stage for a battle that America cannot win; indeed, it is one that the entire world is certain to lose. 6. Use weapons that kill indiscriminately  i.e., ""weapons of mass destruction""  in the invasions of both Afghanistan and Iraq. 7. Subvert the US Constitution. 8. Undermine the US economy through unwise tax cuts and vastly increased government borrowing. This is an extraordinary performance by any measure. In the current Bush administration we see a combination of gross incompetence, high criminality, ideological monomania, and almost limitless power  and this in the context of a time that requires the deftest and most visionary of leadership if we are to avert or at least minimize ecological and human catastrophe. It is difficult to overstate the peril inherent in such a combination. These people will not easily be unseated: if they stole one election, why not another? And if various legal battles threaten to overtake them, why would they not resort to facilitating another ""terrorist"" incident as justification for declaring martial law? In an interview in November, 2003 former US General Tommy Franks, who led America's campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq, stated that if a WMD attack were to hit the US, the Constitution probably would not survive: ""the Western world, the free world, loses what it cherishes most, and that is freedom and liberty we've seen for a couple of hundred years in this grand experiment that we call democracy.""9 Was Franks giving us a heads-up on what is in store? a political system can be stable only if it is united against an external threat, and that if no real threat exists, one should be manufactured. Drury writes that, ""in Stauss's view, the trouble with liberal society is that it dispenses with noble lies and pious frauds. It tries to found society on secular rational foundations."" Among Strauss's students was Paul Wolfowitz, one of the leading hawks in the Defense Department who urged the invasion of Iraq; more distant followers include Newt Gingrich, Clarence Thomas, Irving Kristol, William Bennett, John Ashcroft, and Michael Ledeen. Ledeen, a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and author of Machiavelli on Modern Leadership: Why Machiavelli's Iron Rules are as Timely and Important Today as Five Centuries Ago (Griffin, 1999), is a policy advisor (via Karl Rove) to the Bush administration. His fascination with Machiavelli seems to be deep and abiding, and to be shared by his fellow neocons. ""In order to achieve the most noble accomplishments,"" writes Ledeen, ""the leader may have to enter into evil. This is the chilling insight that has made Machiavelli so feared, admired, and challenging. It is why we are drawn to him still. . . ."" Machiavelli's books, The Prince and The Discourses, constituted manuals on amassing political power; they have inspired kings and tyrants including Mussolini, Hitler, Lenin and Stalin. The leader, according to Machiavelli, must pretend to do good even as he is actually doing the opposite. ""Everybody sees what you appear to be, few feel what you are, and those few will not dare to oppose themselves to the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them. . . . Let a prince therefore aim at conquering and maintaining the state, and the means will always be judged honourable and praised by everyone, for the vulgar is always taken by appearances. . . ."" It is to Machiavelli that we owe the dictum that ""the end justifies the means."" But what are the ends to which neoconservatives strive? Briefly: in foreign policy, American supremacy; in domestic policy, reactionary ""values."" We can get a sense of what makes them tick by reviewing a little recent history. The neoconservative movement began to coalesce in the 1970s amid the Supreme Count mandated legalization of abortion, court-ordered busing, rising crime rates, and the disruption of urban cores by major highway projects. Otherwise liberal urban dwellers began fleeing to the suburbs. Meanwhile in foreign affairs, the US was in a state of paralysis as a result of the Vietnam debacle. American elites were losing confidence in their own Cold War rhetoric. However, Israel, in contrast, had just trounced its enemies during a six-day war that had devastated the armies of the Arab world. Catholic and Jewish Democrats, many of them followers of Democratic Senator Henry ""Scoop"" Jackson (who mounted three unsuccessful bids for the presidency), began entering the GOP establishment. Disagreeing with their party's positions on social issues (busing, welfare, secularism and campus revolts) these voters were also looking for a way to regain lost US prestige. For them, Israel served as a positive example: the solution to America's sense of foreign policy directionlessness was a turn to the right. An early intellectual leader of the movement was the Jewish former Trotskyite New Yorker Irving Kristol, whose book Neo-Conservatism: The Autobiography of an Idea describes the events of the era from the neocons' perspective and gives considerable insight into their motives. Kristol founded Public Interest, one of the primary organs of the movement. Another Jewish former radical, Norman Podhoretz, founded the equally influential magazine Commentary. Podhoretz later defined neoconservatives as ""liberals who had been mugged by reality."" Two other neoconservative former Democrats, Richard Perle and Paul Wolfowitz, had been members of ""Scoop's Troops"" (Jackson's cadre of young activists) during the 1970s, but jumped the Democratic ship during the Carter years. Both came to advocate a value-driven, hard-line approach to American intervention. Jeanne Kirkpatrick, Ambassador to the UN under Reagan, was yet another former Democrat turned neocon hawk. On the domestic front, the neocons learned first to speak the language of southern Democrats  a language of carefully veiled racial fears and resentments  and thus gained the entire South for the Republican party. In some respects, this was part of a larger strategy to emphasize values as a way of motivating support among the lower and middle classes. The somewhat independent neoconservative Ben Wattenberg explained this strategy in his book, Values Matter Most: How Republicans or Democrats or a Third Party Can Win and Renew the American Way of Life (Free Press, 1995). Right-wing think tanks, funded by wealthy right-wing foundations, spent years systematically and scientifically identifying the ""values"" issues that would connect with the masses. In the process, they cemented important alliances with a cultural group that was itself becoming increasingly organized, activist, and powerful. Strauss's belief that religion is a tool that leaders can use to manipulate the masses naturally leads one to wonder about the history and nature of the collaboration between neoconservatives and the Christian evangelical movement. Clearly, the neocon agenda is not what most people would traditionally have thought of as exemplifying the teachings of Jesus; how, then, has the philosophy of Strauss, Kristol, Podhoretz, and Wolfowitz come to achieve virtual sanctification in the eyes of tens of millions of devout American Christians? To answer this question, we must first examine developments within the more conservative US Christian churches in the past few decades. In her essay ""The Despoiling of America"" investigative reporter Katherine Yurica explains the origins of the now-dominant faction of the Christian Right, which she calls ""dominionism,"" and how it has found common cause with the neoconservative movement.10 Dominionism, closely related to another Christian movement called ""reconstructionism,"" was founded by the late R. J. Rushdoony, who also co-founded the Council for National Policy  which has been called the politburo of the American conservative movement, since it is composed of top political and business leaders who set the national agenda for the vast network of right-wing foundations, publishers, media, and universities that have schooled a whole generation in the ideology of neoconservatism, much the way the extremist Wahabbi religious schools funded by Saudi billionaires have seeded the Middle East with Islamic fundamentalism. Dominionism began to flourish in the 1970s as a politicized religious reaction to communism and secular humanism. One of its foremost spokesmen, Pat Robertson (religious broadcaster, former presidential candidate, and founder of the Christian Coalition), has for decades patiently and relentlessly put forward the dominionist view to his millions of daily TV viewers that God intends His followers to rule the world on His behalf. Yurica describes dominionism as a Machiavellian perversion of Christianity. The original and defining text of Dominionism and Reconstructionism is Ruchdoony's 800-page Institutes of Biblical Law (1973), a turgid exegesis of the Ten Commandments that sets forth the Biblical ""case law"" that derives from them. ""The only true order,"" Rushdoony wrote, ""is founded on Biblical Law. All law is religious in nature, and every non-Biblical law-order represents an anti-Christian religion."" Further, ""Every law-order is a state of war against the enemies of that order, and all law is a form of warfare."" Reconstructionism argues that the Bible must be the governing text for all areas of life  including government, education, law, and the arts. Reconstructionists examine contemporary issues and events in the light of a ""Biblical world view"" and ""Biblical principles."" Reconstructionist theologian David Chilton summarizes this view as follows: ""The Christian goal for the world is the universal development of Biblical theocratic republics, in which every area of life is redeemed and placed under the Lordship of Jesus Christ and the rule of God's law."" Reconstructionists espouse the goal of world conquest or ""dominion,"" assured that the Bible has prophesied their ""inevitable victory."" Reconstructionists would replace democracy with a theocratic elite who would govern according to ""Biblical Law."" They would also eliminate labor unions, civil rights laws, and public schools. Women would leave the work force and return to the home. Capital punishment would be applicable to crimes such as blasphemy, heresy, adultery and homosexuality. While not all viewers of Robertson's popular daily 700 Club television program would agree with the most extreme dominionist and reconstructionist dogmas, most have been conditioned to believe that the US is a ""Christian nation"" that is under attack from within by secular humanists, homosexuals and socialists; and that George W. Bush has a mandate from God to govern America (on behalf of the Lord Jesus Christ) during these troubling times. The rise of the religious right has so shifted the American political landscape in recent years that a law, the ""Constitution Restoration Act of 2004,"" which would have been unimaginable only a decade or two ago, is now making its way through Congress. Introduced in February, the new law would, if enacted, ""acknowledge God as the sovereign source of law, liberty [and] government"" in the United States. Thus, in effect, the arbitrary dictates of a ""higher power  as interpreted by a judge, policeman, bureaucrat or president  could override existing legal precedent. Any judge who presumed to overrule ""God's sovereign authority"" as so interpreted could be removed from office. All of this provides tinder for the spark of Mel Gibson's recent film The Passion of the Christ, which Roger Ebert has called 'the most violent single movie I have ever seen."" In my view, the film's danger is not merely its anti-Semitism (Bible scholars have pointed out that the New Testament was written several decades after the events it describes, and after the sacking of Jerusalem by Rome; evidently, in that context the Gospel authors hesitated to saddle Romans with the primary responsibility for Jesus's death, and thus settled on the Jewish aristocracy as the best available scapegoats). Richard Cohen, writing in the Washington Post, perhaps comes closer to capturing the inherent danger of this movie phenomenon when he calls The Passion ""fascistic"" because of its glorification of violence. Others have made light of the film's goriness; Maureen Dowd notes that The Passion ""has the cartoonish violence of a Sergio Leone Western; you might even call it a spaghetti crucifixion, 'A Fistful of Nails.'"" The online magazine Slate described it as ""a two-hour-and-six-minute snuff movie  The Jesus Chainsaw Massacre""; while Steve Martin suggests it should have been called ""Lethal Passion."" For the devout, however, the blood and flying flesh are sacred reminders of what our Lord endured for us. They are a measure of the wickedness of the secularists, the Muslims, the unbelievers. ""See what they did to our Lord!,"" the well-schooled dominionist must think when leaving the theater. ""When the time comes that we have them supine before us, we must show them no mercy!"" And so, for the next few months, until the election, we will, all of us  like it or not  be marinating in a dangerous mixture of religion, political intrigue, economic upheaval, and unraveling scandal. The people in power (and their supporters) are not open to logic or compromise. Nevertheless, challenges to their power are arising in ever-greater number and intensity. An irresistible force is about to encounter an immovable object. 1. See Greg Palast, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy: An Investigative Reporteer Exposes the Truth about Globalization, Corporate Cons, and High Finance Fraudsters, Pluto Press, 2002. 2. George Freimoth, ""The Return of Cold War 'Terrorists'"", Marin Interfaith Task Force on Central America newsletter, Spring 2002 http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Terrorism/Cold_War_Terrorists.html. 3. See also Eric Hofschmid, Painful Questions: An Analysis of the September 11th Attack, Endpoint Software, 2002; http://www.fromthewilderness.com; http://www.cooperativeresearch.org; http://www.globalresearch.ca; http://www.whatreallyhappened.com. 4. The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, ""Report says Iraq didn't have WMD,"" released January 8, 2004, http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/01/08/sprj.nirq.wmd.report/index.html. 5. In January 2001, the European Parliament approved a resolution imposing a ban on the use of DU munitions while investigations were carried out into the links between DU and cancer. In August 2002, the UN published a report citing a series of international laws and conventions breached by the use of DU weapons, including: the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the UN Charter, the UN Genocide Convention, the Convention Against Torture, the four Geneva Conventions of 1949, the Conventional Weapons Convention of 1980 and the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907, which all forbid the deployment of ""poison or poisoned weapons"" and ""arms, projectiles or materials calculated to cause unnecessary suffering."" 6. See: http://www.mindfully.org/Nucs/2003/Rokke-Depleted-Uranium-DU21apr03.htm. See also ""Iraq: Experts Warn of Radioactive Battlefields,"" by Katherine Stapp, Interpress News Service, September 12, 2003, http://www.ipsnews.net/interna.asp?idnews=20113; Scott Peterson, ""Remains of Toxic Bullets Litter Iraq,"" Christian Science Monitor, May 15, 2003, http://www.csmonitor.com/2003/0515/p01s02-woiq.htm. 7. This paragraph is adapted from ""The State of Civil Liberties: One Year Later, Erosion of Civil Liberties in the Post 9/11 Era,"" by the Center for Constitutional Rights, http://www.ccr-ny.org/v2/whatsnew/report.asp?ObjID=nQdbIRkDgG&Content=153. 8. ""Scoreboard 2003,"" by Al Martin, http://www.almartinraw.com, accessed January 12, 2004. 9. December 5, 2003 edition, Cigar Afficionado. Reported, for example, in John O. Edwards, ""Gen. Franks Doubts Constitution Will Survive WMD Attack,"" November 1, 2003, http://www.newsmax.com/archives/articles/2003/11/20/185048.shtml. The 'Ignoble Liars' Behind Bush's Deadly Iraq War. </s>" <s> Richard Heinberg is the author of The Party's Over: Oil, War and the Fate of Industrial Societies (New Society, 2003); he is a journalist, educator, editor, lecturer, and a Core Faculty member of New College of California, where he teaches courses on """Energy" and "Society""" and """Culture," Ecology and Sustainable "Community""." His essays and articles have appeared in many journals including The Futurist, Earth Island Journal, Wild Matters, Alternative Press Review, and The Sun. With the publication of recent books by former White House terrorism advisor Richard Clarke (Against All Enemies) and former Republican strategist Kevin Phillips (American Dynasty), and with revelations from former Treasure Secretary Paul O'Neill (in The Price of Loyalty, by Ron Suskind), the current administration appears to be uncomfortably on the defensive. Attacks from the left are to be expected and can be shrugged off relatively lightly; but the defection of insiders capable of lifting the shroud of secrecy surrounding White House deals and decisions poses a real problem. Add to this the boggling revelations in Craig Unger's House of Bush, House of Saud, and the potential for a meltdown of the still-formidable Bush political machine starts to look possible  perhaps even inevitable. 2. Place criminals and human rights violators in prominent policy-making positions. 3. Facilitate a terrorist attack on the US in order to consolidate political power. 4. Lie to the American people and the world in order to justify the illegal invasion of a sovereign nation. 5. Undermine the system of international law by proclaiming the validity of a policy of pre-emptive attack. We have yet to see the ultimate fallout from this brazen action. The neoconservatives in charge of American foreign policy have essentially put forward the view that the US is above international law. The Bush administration has refused to join the World Court and has undermined existing conventions on nuclear missiles. The unprovoked invasion of one sovereign nation by another (of Iraq by the US and Britain) is a direct violation of the UN Charter; indeed, it is exactly the sort of behavior the UN was established to prevent. In addition, the United States' actions with regard to prisoners held at Camp Delta at the Guantanamo Bay naval station have directly violated the Geneva Conventions: the prisoners are being held as """unlawful" "combatants,""" a term with no meaning in international law. By asserting unique rights, immunities, and privileges, the US has alienated the rest of the international community. Eventually, such behavior will cause other nations to form political and military alliances to oppose US hegemony. While the US has the military capability of defeating nearly any individual foe, it cannot subdue the rest of the world working in concert. And economically America is in a far weaker position than it is militarily: if only a few key nations were to cease supporting US trade deficits and government borrowing, the results would be catastrophic. Unilateralism sets the stage for a battle that America cannot win; indeed, it is one that the entire world is certain to lose. 6. Use weapons that kill indiscriminately  i.e., """weapons" of mass "destruction"""  in the invasions of both Afghanistan and Iraq. 7. Subvert the US Constitution. 8. Undermine the US economy through unwise tax cuts and vastly increased government borrowing. This is an extraordinary performance by any measure. In the current Bush administration we see a combination of gross incompetence, high criminality, ideological monomania, and almost limitless power  and this in the context of a time that requires the deftest and most visionary of leadership if we are to avert or at least minimize ecological and human catastrophe. It is difficult to overstate the peril inherent in such a combination. These people will not easily be unseated: if they stole one election, why not another? And if various legal battles threaten to overtake them, why would they not resort to facilitating another """terrorist""" incident as justification for declaring martial law? In an interview in November, 2003 former US General Tommy Franks, who led America's campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq, stated that if a WMD attack were to hit the US, the Constitution probably would not survive: """the" Western world, the free world, loses what it cherishes most, and that is freedom and liberty we've seen for a couple of hundred years in this grand experiment that we call "democracy.""9" Was Franks giving us a heads-up on what is in store? a political system can be stable only if it is united against an external threat, and that if no real threat exists, one should be manufactured. Drury writes that, """in" Stauss's view, the trouble with liberal society is that it dispenses with noble lies and pious frauds. It tries to found society on secular rational "foundations.""" Among Strauss's students was Paul Wolfowitz, one of the leading hawks in the Defense Department who urged the invasion of Iraq; more distant followers include Newt Gingrich, Clarence Thomas, Irving Kristol, William Bennett, John Ashcroft, and Michael Ledeen. Ledeen, a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and author of Machiavelli on Modern Leadership: Why Machiavelli's Iron Rules are as Timely and Important Today as Five Centuries Ago (Griffin, 1999), is a policy advisor (via Karl Rove) to the Bush administration. His fascination with Machiavelli seems to be deep and abiding, and to be shared by his fellow neocons. """In" order to achieve the most noble "accomplishments,""" writes Ledeen, """the" leader may have to enter into evil. This is the chilling insight that has made Machiavelli so feared, admired, and challenging. It is why we are drawn to him still. . . ".""" Machiavelli's books, The Prince and The Discourses, constituted manuals on amassing political power; they have inspired kings and tyrants including Mussolini, Hitler, Lenin and Stalin. The leader, according to Machiavelli, must pretend to do good even as he is actually doing the opposite. """Everybody" sees what you appear to be, few feel what you are, and those few will not dare to oppose themselves to the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them. . . . Let a prince therefore aim at conquering and maintaining the state, and the means will always be judged honourable and praised by everyone, for the vulgar is always taken by appearances. . . ".""" It is to Machiavelli that we owe the dictum that """the" end justifies the "means.""" But what are the ends to which neoconservatives strive? Briefly: in foreign policy, American supremacy; in domestic policy, reactionary """values.""" We can get a sense of what makes them tick by reviewing a little recent history. The neoconservative movement began to coalesce in the 1970s amid the Supreme Count mandated legalization of abortion, court-ordered busing, rising crime rates, and the disruption of urban cores by major highway projects. Otherwise liberal urban dwellers began fleeing to the suburbs. Meanwhile in foreign affairs, the US was in a state of paralysis as a result of the Vietnam debacle. American elites were losing confidence in their own Cold War rhetoric. However, Israel, in contrast, had just trounced its enemies during a six-day war that had devastated the armies of the Arab world. Catholic and Jewish Democrats, many of them followers of Democratic Senator Henry """Scoop""" Jackson (who mounted three unsuccessful bids for the presidency), began entering the GOP establishment. Disagreeing with their party's positions on social issues (busing, welfare, secularism and campus revolts) these voters were also looking for a way to regain lost US prestige. For them, Israel served as a positive example: the solution to America's sense of foreign policy directionlessness was a turn to the right. An early intellectual leader of the movement was the Jewish former Trotskyite New Yorker Irving Kristol, whose book Neo-Conservatism: The Autobiography of an Idea describes the events of the era from the neocons' perspective and gives considerable insight into their motives. Kristol founded Public Interest, one of the primary organs of the movement. Another Jewish former radical, Norman Podhoretz, founded the equally influential magazine Commentary. Podhoretz later defined neoconservatives as """liberals" who had been mugged by "reality.""" Two other neoconservative former Democrats, Richard Perle and Paul Wolfowitz, had been members of """Scoop's" "Troops""" (Jackson's cadre of young activists) during the 1970s, but jumped the Democratic ship during the Carter years. Both came to advocate a value-driven, hard-line approach to American intervention. Jeanne Kirkpatrick, Ambassador to the UN under Reagan, was yet another former Democrat turned neocon hawk. On the domestic front, the neocons learned first to speak the language of southern Democrats  a language of carefully veiled racial fears and resentments  and thus gained the entire South for the Republican party. In some respects, this was part of a larger strategy to emphasize values as a way of motivating support among the lower and middle classes. The somewhat independent neoconservative Ben Wattenberg explained this strategy in his book, Values Matter Most: How Republicans or Democrats or a Third Party Can Win and Renew the American Way of Life (Free Press, 1995). Right-wing think tanks, funded by wealthy right-wing foundations, spent years systematically and scientifically identifying the """values""" issues that would connect with the masses. In the process, they cemented important alliances with a cultural group that was itself becoming increasingly organized, activist, and powerful. Strauss's belief that religion is a tool that leaders can use to manipulate the masses naturally leads one to wonder about the history and nature of the collaboration between neoconservatives and the Christian evangelical movement. Clearly, the neocon agenda is not what most people would traditionally have thought of as exemplifying the teachings of Jesus; how, then, has the philosophy of Strauss, Kristol, Podhoretz, and Wolfowitz come to achieve virtual sanctification in the eyes of tens of millions of devout American Christians? To answer this question, we must first examine developments within the more conservative US Christian churches in the past few decades. In her essay """The" Despoiling of "America""" investigative reporter Katherine Yurica explains the origins of the now-dominant faction of the Christian Right, which she calls """dominionism,""" and how it has found common cause with the neoconservative movement.10 Dominionism, closely related to another Christian movement called """reconstructionism,""" was founded by the late R. J. Rushdoony, who also co-founded the Council for National Policy  which has been called the politburo of the American conservative movement, since it is composed of top political and business leaders who set the national agenda for the vast network of right-wing foundations, publishers, media, and universities that have schooled a whole generation in the ideology of neoconservatism, much the way the extremist Wahabbi religious schools funded by Saudi billionaires have seeded the Middle East with Islamic fundamentalism. Dominionism began to flourish in the 1970s as a politicized religious reaction to communism and secular humanism. One of its foremost spokesmen, Pat Robertson (religious broadcaster, former presidential candidate, and founder of the Christian Coalition), has for decades patiently and relentlessly put forward the dominionist view to his millions of daily TV viewers that God intends His followers to rule the world on His behalf. Yurica describes dominionism as a Machiavellian perversion of Christianity. The original and defining text of Dominionism and Reconstructionism is Ruchdoony's 800-page Institutes of Biblical Law (1973), a turgid exegesis of the Ten Commandments that sets forth the Biblical """case" "law""" that derives from them. """The" only true "order,""" Rushdoony wrote, """is" founded on Biblical Law. All law is religious in nature, and every non-Biblical law-order represents an anti-Christian "religion.""" Further, """Every" law-order is a state of war against the enemies of that order, and all law is a form of "warfare.""" Reconstructionism argues that the Bible must be the governing text for all areas of life  including government, education, law, and the arts. Reconstructionists examine contemporary issues and events in the light of a """Biblical" world "view""" and """Biblical" "principles.""" Reconstructionist theologian David Chilton summarizes this view as follows: """The" Christian goal for the world is the universal development of Biblical theocratic republics, in which every area of life is redeemed and placed under the Lordship of Jesus Christ and the rule of God's "law.""" Reconstructionists espouse the goal of world conquest or """dominion,""" assured that the Bible has prophesied their """inevitable" "victory.""" Reconstructionists would replace democracy with a theocratic elite who would govern according to """Biblical" "Law.""" They would also eliminate labor unions, civil rights laws, and public schools. Women would leave the work force and return to the home. Capital punishment would be applicable to crimes such as blasphemy, heresy, adultery and homosexuality. While not all viewers of Robertson's popular daily 700 Club television program would agree with the most extreme dominionist and reconstructionist dogmas, most have been conditioned to believe that the US is a """Christian" "nation""" that is under attack from within by secular humanists, homosexuals and socialists; and that George W. Bush has a mandate from God to govern America (on behalf of the Lord Jesus Christ) during these troubling times. The rise of the religious right has so shifted the American political landscape in recent years that a law, the """Constitution" Restoration Act of "2004,""" which would have been unimaginable only a decade or two ago, is now making its way through Congress. Introduced in February, the new law would, if enacted, """acknowledge" God as the sovereign source of law, liberty [and] "government""" in the United States. Thus, in effect, the arbitrary dictates of a """higher" power  as interpreted by a judge, policeman, bureaucrat or president  could override existing legal precedent. Any judge who presumed to overrule """God's" sovereign "authority""" as so interpreted could be removed from office. All of this provides tinder for the spark of Mel Gibson's recent film The Passion of the Christ, which Roger Ebert has called 'the most violent single movie I have ever "seen.""" In my view, the film's danger is not merely its anti-Semitism (Bible scholars have pointed out that the New Testament was written several decades after the events it describes, and after the sacking of Jerusalem by Rome; evidently, in that context the Gospel authors hesitated to saddle Romans with the primary responsibility for Jesus's death, and thus settled on the Jewish aristocracy as the best available scapegoats). Richard Cohen, writing in the Washington Post, perhaps comes closer to capturing the inherent danger of this movie phenomenon when he calls The Passion """fascistic""" because of its glorification of violence. Others have made light of the film's goriness; Maureen Dowd notes that The Passion """has" the cartoonish violence of a Sergio Leone Western; you might even call it a spaghetti crucifixion, 'A Fistful of "Nails.'""" The online magazine Slate described it as """a" two-hour-and-six-minute snuff movie  The Jesus Chainsaw "Massacre"";" while Steve Martin suggests it should have been called """Lethal" "Passion.""" For the devout, however, the blood and flying flesh are sacred reminders of what our Lord endured for us. They are a measure of the wickedness of the secularists, the Muslims, the unbelievers. """See" what they did to our "Lord!,""" the well-schooled dominionist must think when leaving the theater. """When" the time comes that we have them supine before us, we must show them no "mercy!""" And so, for the next few months, until the election, we will, all of us  like it or not  be marinating in a dangerous mixture of religion, political intrigue, economic upheaval, and unraveling scandal. The people in power (and their supporters) are not open to logic or compromise. Nevertheless, challenges to their power are arising in ever-greater number and intensity. An irresistible force is about to encounter an immovable object. 1. See Greg Palast, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy: An Investigative Reporteer Exposes the Truth about Globalization, Corporate Cons, and High Finance Fraudsters, Pluto Press, 2002. 2. George Freimoth, """The" Return of Cold War "'Terrorists'""," Marin Interfaith Task Force on Central America newsletter, Spring 2002 http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Terrorism/Cold_War_Terrorists.html. 3. See also Eric Hofschmid, Painful Questions: An Analysis of the September 11th Attack, Endpoint Software, 2002; http://www.fromthewilderness.com; http://www.cooperativeresearch.org; http://www.globalresearch.ca; http://www.whatreallyhappened.com. 4. The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, """Report" says Iraq didn't have "WMD,""" released January 8, 2004, http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/01/08/sprj.nirq.wmd.report/index.html. 5. In January 2001, the European Parliament approved a resolution imposing a ban on the use of DU munitions while investigations were carried out into the links between DU and cancer. In August 2002, the UN published a report citing a series of international laws and conventions breached by the use of DU weapons, including: the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the UN Charter, the UN Genocide Convention, the Convention Against Torture, the four Geneva Conventions of 1949, the Conventional Weapons Convention of 1980 and the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907, which all forbid the deployment of """poison" or poisoned "weapons""" and """arms," projectiles or materials calculated to cause unnecessary "suffering.""" 6. See: http://www.mindfully.org/Nucs/2003/Rokke-Depleted-Uranium-DU21apr03.htm. See also """Iraq:" Experts Warn of Radioactive "Battlefields,""" by Katherine Stapp, Interpress News Service, September 12, 2003, http://www.ipsnews.net/interna.asp?idnews=20113; Scott Peterson, """Remains" of Toxic Bullets Litter "Iraq,""" Christian Science Monitor, May 15, 2003, http://www.csmonitor.com/2003/0515/p01s02-woiq.htm. 7. This paragraph is adapted from """The" State of Civil Liberties: One Year Later, Erosion of Civil Liberties in the Post 9/11 "Era,""" by the Center for Constitutional Rights, http://www.ccr-ny.org/v2/whatsnew/report.asp?ObjID=nQdbIRkDgG&Content=153. 8. """Scoreboard" "2003,""" by Al Martin, http://www.almartinraw.com, accessed January 12, 2004. 9. December 5, 2003 edition, Cigar Afficionado. Reported, for example, in John O. Edwards, """Gen." Franks Doubts Constitution Will Survive WMD "Attack,""" November 1, 2003, http://www.newsmax.com/archives/articles/2003/11/20/185048.shtml. The 'Ignoble Liars' Behind Bush's Deadly Iraq War. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> New Definition for Hours of Work Results in Violations - Employers Take Heed! Many community rehabilitation programs and similar programs serving consumers with significant disabilities paying commensurate wages under an FLSA Section 14 Special Minimum Wage Certificate are considering not renewing their certificate and paying the state or federal minimum wage. However, management and programing must understand that the compensable hours of work are different without the certificate. Certain previous time becomes compensable without the certificate. When the employer, CRP, workshop, has no Section 14( c) certificate, the consumers who work become employees just as the staff. This is difficult to understand for the CRP (sheltered workshop) industry after so many decades of the special allowance provided by Part 525.6 regarding the hours of work. No Such Thing As Unpaid ""Alternate Non-Work Activities"" The special allowance in Part 525.6 allows “alternate nonwork” activities during the work day to be unpaid time. However, without the certificate, Part 525.6 does not apply in any manner. A different regulation, Part 785.27, applies to all employees (including paid consumer workers with disabilities). Without a subminimum wage certificate, once a worker is under the control of the employer the “regular working hours” are established as the person’s work day including non productive time and meetings. All the time during ""regular work day"" is compensable time regardless of productivity. The regular work day begins with the first principle activity and ends with the last principle activity and all hours between are compensable. The only exception is bona fide completely relieved meal periods. Part 785.27 provides the following exception for meetings and training, i.e. alternate nonwork activites. Note that ALL four of the Part 785.27 criteria must be met for the time in a lecture, meeting, or training program, alternate nonwork activities to not be compensable hours worked. If one criteria is not met, the time in the lecture, training, meeting or similar nonwork activities is work time. 785.27(d) The employee does not perform any productive work during such attendance. 785.28 Involuntary attendance. Attendance is not voluntary, of course, if it is required by the employer. It is not voluntary in fact if the employee is given to understand or led to believe that his present working conditions or the continuance of his employment would be adversely affected by nonattendance. On-the-job training of employees, including newly hired applicants, generally counts as compensable worktime under FLSA. MKAI explanation/comment: The answer to the question whether alternate nonwork activities are compensable without a certificate now becomes a question; what (is) are the consumer workers’ “regular working hours?” That must be answered within reason as it would apply to traditional employment as any employee would have as their “work day.” While some employees have varying work times, most have a “regular work day” or “regular working hours.” Thus, an employer cannot set up a system that varies the working hours day by day to avoid paying for lectures, training, meetings and the like. When does the worker come under the control of the employer and when is the worker released by the employer? Productivity or productive work is not the litmus test for the answer. Fire fighters and EMS are paid to wait, shoot pool, work out, study, read, sleep, talk about the ball game, and/or do nothing while they wait on the alarm. Thus, it is a matter of what period of time are they under the control of their employer, not just whether they are engaged in production or productive work. The classic example in CRP industry and similar programs across the country are the birthday celebrations. When staff celebrate staff birthdays (not during lunch), the employer typically keeps the staff on the clock because it is during their regular working hours and they remain under the control of the employer. When CRP and similar programs celebrate consumer birthdays (not during lunch), the common response is to clock out consumers and not pay them for the time (thanks to the certificate and Part 525.6). So, what are the consumers’ “regular working hours?” There must be an established “regular working hours” (a work day) and a clear understanding by the consumers of the established work day and the nonwork day for the nonwork and unrelated to work activities, lectures, meetings, etc. MKAI does not replace your legal counsel and this is not considered legal advice. </s>" <s> New Definition for Hours of Work Results in Violations - Employers Take Heed! Many community rehabilitation programs and similar programs serving consumers with significant disabilities paying commensurate wages under an FLSA Section 14 Special Minimum Wage Certificate are considering not renewing their certificate and paying the state or federal minimum wage. However, management and programing must understand that the compensable hours of work are different without the certificate. Certain previous time becomes compensable without the certificate. When the employer, CRP, workshop, has no Section 14( c) certificate, the consumers who work become employees just as the staff. This is difficult to understand for the CRP (sheltered workshop) industry after so many decades of the special allowance provided by Part 525.6 regarding the hours of work. No Such Thing As Unpaid """Alternate" Non-Work "Activities""" The special allowance in Part 525.6 allows “alternate nonwork” activities during the work day to be unpaid time. However, without the certificate, Part 525.6 does not apply in any manner. A different regulation, Part 785.27, applies to all employees (including paid consumer workers with disabilities). Without a subminimum wage certificate, once a worker is under the control of the employer the “regular working hours” are established as the person’s work day including non productive time and meetings. All the time during """regular" work "day""" is compensable time regardless of productivity. The regular work day begins with the first principle activity and ends with the last principle activity and all hours between are compensable. The only exception is bona fide completely relieved meal periods. Part 785.27 provides the following exception for meetings and training, i.e. alternate nonwork activites. Note that ALL four of the Part 785.27 criteria must be met for the time in a lecture, meeting, or training program, alternate nonwork activities to not be compensable hours worked. If one criteria is not met, the time in the lecture, training, meeting or similar nonwork activities is work time. 785.27(d) The employee does not perform any productive work during such attendance. 785.28 Involuntary attendance. Attendance is not voluntary, of course, if it is required by the employer. It is not voluntary in fact if the employee is given to understand or led to believe that his present working conditions or the continuance of his employment would be adversely affected by nonattendance. On-the-job training of employees, including newly hired applicants, generally counts as compensable worktime under FLSA. MKAI explanation/comment: The answer to the question whether alternate nonwork activities are compensable without a certificate now becomes a question; what (is) are the consumer workers’ “regular working hours?” That must be answered within reason as it would apply to traditional employment as any employee would have as their “work day.” While some employees have varying work times, most have a “regular work day” or “regular working hours.” Thus, an employer cannot set up a system that varies the working hours day by day to avoid paying for lectures, training, meetings and the like. When does the worker come under the control of the employer and when is the worker released by the employer? Productivity or productive work is not the litmus test for the answer. Fire fighters and EMS are paid to wait, shoot pool, work out, study, read, sleep, talk about the ball game, and/or do nothing while they wait on the alarm. Thus, it is a matter of what period of time are they under the control of their employer, not just whether they are engaged in production or productive work. The classic example in CRP industry and similar programs across the country are the birthday celebrations. When staff celebrate staff birthdays (not during lunch), the employer typically keeps the staff on the clock because it is during their regular working hours and they remain under the control of the employer. When CRP and similar programs celebrate consumer birthdays (not during lunch), the common response is to clock out consumers and not pay them for the time (thanks to the certificate and Part 525.6). So, what are the consumers’ “regular working hours?” There must be an established “regular working hours” (a work day) and a clear understanding by the consumers of the established work day and the nonwork day for the nonwork and unrelated to work activities, lectures, meetings, etc. MKAI does not replace your legal counsel and this is not considered legal advice. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> This image gallery named as 1 In A Minion Childrens Quilt Handmade might be ideal solution for your decoration. As the author has insert this image into Children’s Handmade Quilts post section, would ease you to find the perfect match of you decor desire. Deciding upon the suitable 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade is essential since a room’s vibe can change is contingent upon the lighting it has. You will find a number of kinds of lamps you may decide on, according to the style you choose for an area. In the event you want to generate an area appear elegant, then you may possibly want touse a chandelier. When it regards decorating a room, you will need to look closely at this specifics. While many men and women really like to set drapes to make an area look stunning, you are able to produce your room seem unique by putting a lamp with a special structure. For example, you can secure yourself a etsy handmade quilts should you would like to find a contemporary look. You can find lots of matters to consider when choosing a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade. The very first crucial thing is to select the kind of fabric. The typical material used at an folding quilts is aluminum. It is a strong and hardy material, ready to be utilized for quite a lengthy moment. This handmade amish quilts commonly a little bit thick in comparison to additional stuff like vinyl or mixed wood. The advantage of the is it is possible to put it to use almost everywhere. It might withstand heat from the oven or hot plate. A folding quilts made of metal is fantastic for external use. As a substitute, you should employ an anti-rust paint therefore your folding quilts will resist its color and solid form by the current weather. Once we understand , stainless material would be the very best material due to its strength and its particular easy-to-form feature. Besides, certainly one of those advantages that might become its allure is that the fact that the stainless cloth is resistant from rust, rust, brittle, humid, moist and all the problems which you can get from the dining and kitchen room. That’s the reason why it many individuals choose to use a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade to replace their wooden quiltss, notably for his or her kitchens or dining rooms. In addition, there are various explanations the handmade amish quilts profit their popularity not long ago. Some of them are outlined in this guide. That is just why whenever you have a sizable place, then it’s going to be a lot better that you obtain exactly the etsy handmade quilts, even though it will normally cost significantly more expensive. Besides assessing the quilts dimensions to the space size, you should also examine it to your own needs. You have to be certain how big the quilts surface area satisfies your needs. The most suitable quilts dimensions is a minumum of one size larger compared to the paper size you usually use. In the event you purchase an 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade together with the magnitude that is exactly the exact same as your drawing paper, you will have no space to set any drawing or books tools. Engineered wood quiltss have come to be a fad that’s widely followed not just by individuals in your house but in addition by the furniture industry. Then do you want to know how to earn a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade that looks unique yet fashionable? Utilizing used wood to develop into new furniture may, obviously, lessen your surplus budget. You are able to make use of the second hand timber that’s still good and sturdy to be transformed in to a variety of innovative and cool household furniture, as by way of example, a chic and etsy handmade quilts. Building a quilts from this used wood is obviously not a tough point to do. Nevertheless, the most significant things you need to have is your creativity and willingness. The main ingredients utilised in brands and handmade amish quilts are more diverse. Some of them are produced from timber, several the others are employing fiber. Wood material is usually heavier than fiber substance, however, it is a lot more durable (can be contemplated less hazardous ). Meanwhile, the fiber material is more milder hence it isn’t difficult to proceed or when unloading is stored and also easy to wash. In case you are planning to possess a child table, then you should choose one that can be properly used to get a very long duration of time. Usually, a dining 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade starts to be used when the infant is just 6 weeks old or once the baby is able to sit down back. If at all possible, you may pick a dining quilts which not just acts like a dining quilts but have the potential to also be utilized for other purposes. There’s a baby dining quilts which may be constructed into a kiddies review quilts until finally they turn 5 years of age. Some of us are not familiar with the name of the 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade. Instead, they are familiar with its name, that is a round-table. Tulip quilts was initially manufactured in 1957 and become a common style for your own kitchen or living space. This sort of furnishings additionally will come in lots of different sizes. You will find significant, moderate small. Needless to say, each measurement has their particular use. Even the handmade amish quilts is typically used at the dining room. For its classic model, this kind of furnishings is more well-suited for most of your home style. Additionally, for the shape, this furniture can provide you with various areas to seat with your whole families. </s>" <s> This image gallery named as 1 In A Minion Childrens Quilt Handmade might be ideal solution for your decoration. As the author has insert this image into Children’s Handmade Quilts post section, would ease you to find the perfect match of you decor desire. Deciding upon the suitable 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade is essential since a room’s vibe can change is contingent upon the lighting it has. You will find a number of kinds of lamps you may decide on, according to the style you choose for an area. In the event you want to generate an area appear elegant, then you may possibly want touse a chandelier. When it regards decorating a room, you will need to look closely at this specifics. While many men and women really like to set drapes to make an area look stunning, you are able to produce your room seem unique by putting a lamp with a special structure. For example, you can secure yourself a etsy handmade quilts should you would like to find a contemporary look. You can find lots of matters to consider when choosing a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade. The very first crucial thing is to select the kind of fabric. The typical material used at an folding quilts is aluminum. It is a strong and hardy material, ready to be utilized for quite a lengthy moment. This handmade amish quilts commonly a little bit thick in comparison to additional stuff like vinyl or mixed wood. The advantage of the is it is possible to put it to use almost everywhere. It might withstand heat from the oven or hot plate. A folding quilts made of metal is fantastic for external use. As a substitute, you should employ an anti-rust paint therefore your folding quilts will resist its color and solid form by the current weather. Once we understand , stainless material would be the very best material due to its strength and its particular easy-to-form feature. Besides, certainly one of those advantages that might become its allure is that the fact that the stainless cloth is resistant from rust, rust, brittle, humid, moist and all the problems which you can get from the dining and kitchen room. That’s the reason why it many individuals choose to use a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade to replace their wooden quiltss, notably for his or her kitchens or dining rooms. In addition, there are various explanations the handmade amish quilts profit their popularity not long ago. Some of them are outlined in this guide. That is just why whenever you have a sizable place, then it’s going to be a lot better that you obtain exactly the etsy handmade quilts, even though it will normally cost significantly more expensive. Besides assessing the quilts dimensions to the space size, you should also examine it to your own needs. You have to be certain how big the quilts surface area satisfies your needs. The most suitable quilts dimensions is a minumum of one size larger compared to the paper size you usually use. In the event you purchase an 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade together with the magnitude that is exactly the exact same as your drawing paper, you will have no space to set any drawing or books tools. Engineered wood quiltss have come to be a fad that’s widely followed not just by individuals in your house but in addition by the furniture industry. Then do you want to know how to earn a 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade that looks unique yet fashionable? Utilizing used wood to develop into new furniture may, obviously, lessen your surplus budget. You are able to make use of the second hand timber that’s still good and sturdy to be transformed in to a variety of innovative and cool household furniture, as by way of example, a chic and etsy handmade quilts. Building a quilts from this used wood is obviously not a tough point to do. Nevertheless, the most significant things you need to have is your creativity and willingness. The main ingredients utilised in brands and handmade amish quilts are more diverse. Some of them are produced from timber, several the others are employing fiber. Wood material is usually heavier than fiber substance, however, it is a lot more durable (can be contemplated less hazardous ). Meanwhile, the fiber material is more milder hence it isn’t difficult to proceed or when unloading is stored and also easy to wash. In case you are planning to possess a child table, then you should choose one that can be properly used to get a very long duration of time. Usually, a dining 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade starts to be used when the infant is just 6 weeks old or once the baby is able to sit down back. If at all possible, you may pick a dining quilts which not just acts like a dining quilts but have the potential to also be utilized for other purposes. There’s a baby dining quilts which may be constructed into a kiddies review quilts until finally they turn 5 years of age. Some of us are not familiar with the name of the 1 in a minion childrens quilt handmade. Instead, they are familiar with its name, that is a round-table. Tulip quilts was initially manufactured in 1957 and become a common style for your own kitchen or living space. This sort of furnishings additionally will come in lots of different sizes. You will find significant, moderate small. Needless to say, each measurement has their particular use. Even the handmade amish quilts is typically used at the dining room. For its classic model, this kind of furnishings is more well-suited for most of your home style. Additionally, for the shape, this furniture can provide you with various areas to seat with your whole families. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Unlike the software developed for Windows system, most of the applications installed in Mac OS X generally can be removed with relative ease. Vacation Rental Tracker Plus is a third party application that provides additional functionality to OS X system and enjoys a popularity among Mac users. However, instead of installing it by dragging its icon to the Application folder, uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus may need you to do more than a simple drag-and-drop to the Trash. When installed, Vacation Rental Tracker Plus creates files in several locations. Generally, its additional files, such as preference files and application support files, still remains on the hard drive after you delete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus from the Application folder, in case that the next time you decide to reinstall it, the settings of this program still be kept. But if you are trying to uninstall Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in full and free up your disk space, removing all its components is highly necessary. Continue reading this article to learn about the proper methods for uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus . Before uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you’d better quit this application and end all its processes. If Vacation Rental Tracker Plus is frozen, you can press Cmd +Opt + Esc, select Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in the pop-up windows and click Force Quit to quit this program (this shortcut for force quit works for the application that appears but not for its hidden processes). Open Activity Monitor in the Utilities folder in Launchpad, and select All Processes on the drop-down menu at the top of the window. Select the process(es) associated with Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in the list, click Quit Process icon in the left corner of the window, and click Quit in the pop-up dialog box (if that doesn’t work, then try Force Quit). Open the Applications folder in the Finder (if it doesn’t appear in the sidebar, go to the Menu Bar, open the “Go” menu, and select Applications in the list), search for Vacation Rental Tracker Plus application by typing its name in the search field, and then drag it to the Trash (in the dock) to begin the uninstall process. Alternatively you can also click on the Vacation Rental Tracker Plus icon/folder and move it to the Trash by pressing Cmd + Del or choosing the File and Move to Trash commands. Though Vacation Rental Tracker Plus has been deleted to the Trash, its lingering files, logs, caches and other miscellaneous contents may stay on the hard disk. For complete removal of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you can manually detect and clean out all components associated with this application. You can search for the relevant names using Spotlight. Those preference files of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus can be found in the Preferences folder within your user’s library folder (~/Library/Preferences) or the system-wide Library located at the root of the system volume (/Library/Preferences/), while the support files are located in ""~/Library/Application Support/"" or ""/Library/Application Support/"". Besides, there may be some kernel extensions or hidden files that are not obvious to find. In that case, you can do a Google search about the components for Vacation Rental Tracker Plus . Usually kernel extensions are located in in /System/Library/Extensions and end with the extension .kext, while hidden files are mostly located in your home folder. You can use Terminal (inside Applications/Utilities) to list the contents of the directory in question and delete the offending item. If you are determined to delete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus permanently, the last thing you need to do is emptying the Trash. To completely empty your trash can, you can right click on the Trash in the dock and choose Empty Trash, or simply choose Empty Trash under the Finder menu (Notice: you can not undo this act, so make sure that you haven’t mistakenly deleted anything before doing this act. If you change your mind, before emptying the Trash, you can right click on the items in the Trash and choose Put Back in the list). In case you cannot empty the Trash, reboot your Mac. No doubt that uninstalling programs in Mac system has been much simpler than in Windows system. But it still may seem a little tedious and time-consuming for those OS X beginners to manually remove Vacation Rental Tracker Plus and totally clean out all its remnants. Why not try an easier and faster way to thoroughly remove it? If you intend to save your time and energy in uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , or you encounter some specific problems in deleting it to the Trash, or even you are not sure which files or folders belong to Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you can turn to a professional third-party uninstaller to resolve troubles. Here MacRemover is recommended for you to accomplish Vacation Rental Tracker Plus uninstall within three simple steps. MacRemover is a lite but powerful uninstaller utility that helps you thoroughly remove unwanted, corrupted or incompatible apps from your Mac. Now let’s see how it works to complete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus removal task. 2. Launch MacRemover in the dock or Launchpad, select Vacation Rental Tracker Plus appearing on the interface, and click Run Analysis button to proceed. 3. Review Vacation Rental Tracker Plus files or folders, click Complete Uninstall button and then click Yes in the pup-up dialog box to confirm Vacation Rental Tracker Plus removal. The whole uninstall process may takes even less than one minute to finish, and then all items associated with Vacation Rental Tracker Plus has been successfully removed from your Mac! MacRemover has a friendly and simply interface and even the first-time users can easily operate any unwanted program uninstallation. With its unique Smart Analytic System, MacRemover is capable of quickly locating every associated components of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus and safely deleting them within a few clicks. Thoroughly uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus from your mac with MacRemover becomes incredibly straightforward and speedy, right? You don’t need to check the Library or manually remove its additional files. Actually, all you need to do is a select-and-delete move. As MacRemover comes in handy to all those who want to get rid of any unwanted programs without any hassle, you’re welcome to download it and enjoy the excellent user experience right now! This article provides you two methods (both manually and automatically) to properly and quickly uninstall Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , and either of them works for most of the apps on your Mac. If you confront any difficulty in uninstalling any unwanted application/software, don’t hesitate to apply this automatic tool and resolve your troubles. </s>" <s> Unlike the software developed for Windows system, most of the applications installed in Mac OS X generally can be removed with relative ease. Vacation Rental Tracker Plus is a third party application that provides additional functionality to OS X system and enjoys a popularity among Mac users. However, instead of installing it by dragging its icon to the Application folder, uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus may need you to do more than a simple drag-and-drop to the Trash. When installed, Vacation Rental Tracker Plus creates files in several locations. Generally, its additional files, such as preference files and application support files, still remains on the hard drive after you delete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus from the Application folder, in case that the next time you decide to reinstall it, the settings of this program still be kept. But if you are trying to uninstall Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in full and free up your disk space, removing all its components is highly necessary. Continue reading this article to learn about the proper methods for uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus . Before uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you’d better quit this application and end all its processes. If Vacation Rental Tracker Plus is frozen, you can press Cmd +Opt + Esc, select Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in the pop-up windows and click Force Quit to quit this program (this shortcut for force quit works for the application that appears but not for its hidden processes). Open Activity Monitor in the Utilities folder in Launchpad, and select All Processes on the drop-down menu at the top of the window. Select the process(es) associated with Vacation Rental Tracker Plus in the list, click Quit Process icon in the left corner of the window, and click Quit in the pop-up dialog box (if that doesn’t work, then try Force Quit). Open the Applications folder in the Finder (if it doesn’t appear in the sidebar, go to the Menu Bar, open the “Go” menu, and select Applications in the list), search for Vacation Rental Tracker Plus application by typing its name in the search field, and then drag it to the Trash (in the dock) to begin the uninstall process. Alternatively you can also click on the Vacation Rental Tracker Plus icon/folder and move it to the Trash by pressing Cmd + Del or choosing the File and Move to Trash commands. Though Vacation Rental Tracker Plus has been deleted to the Trash, its lingering files, logs, caches and other miscellaneous contents may stay on the hard disk. For complete removal of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you can manually detect and clean out all components associated with this application. You can search for the relevant names using Spotlight. Those preference files of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus can be found in the Preferences folder within your user’s library folder (~/Library/Preferences) or the system-wide Library located at the root of the system volume (/Library/Preferences/), while the support files are located in """~/Library/Application" "Support/""" or """/Library/Application" "Support/""." Besides, there may be some kernel extensions or hidden files that are not obvious to find. In that case, you can do a Google search about the components for Vacation Rental Tracker Plus . Usually kernel extensions are located in in /System/Library/Extensions and end with the extension .kext, while hidden files are mostly located in your home folder. You can use Terminal (inside Applications/Utilities) to list the contents of the directory in question and delete the offending item. If you are determined to delete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus permanently, the last thing you need to do is emptying the Trash. To completely empty your trash can, you can right click on the Trash in the dock and choose Empty Trash, or simply choose Empty Trash under the Finder menu (Notice: you can not undo this act, so make sure that you haven’t mistakenly deleted anything before doing this act. If you change your mind, before emptying the Trash, you can right click on the items in the Trash and choose Put Back in the list). In case you cannot empty the Trash, reboot your Mac. No doubt that uninstalling programs in Mac system has been much simpler than in Windows system. But it still may seem a little tedious and time-consuming for those OS X beginners to manually remove Vacation Rental Tracker Plus and totally clean out all its remnants. Why not try an easier and faster way to thoroughly remove it? If you intend to save your time and energy in uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , or you encounter some specific problems in deleting it to the Trash, or even you are not sure which files or folders belong to Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , you can turn to a professional third-party uninstaller to resolve troubles. Here MacRemover is recommended for you to accomplish Vacation Rental Tracker Plus uninstall within three simple steps. MacRemover is a lite but powerful uninstaller utility that helps you thoroughly remove unwanted, corrupted or incompatible apps from your Mac. Now let’s see how it works to complete Vacation Rental Tracker Plus removal task. 2. Launch MacRemover in the dock or Launchpad, select Vacation Rental Tracker Plus appearing on the interface, and click Run Analysis button to proceed. 3. Review Vacation Rental Tracker Plus files or folders, click Complete Uninstall button and then click Yes in the pup-up dialog box to confirm Vacation Rental Tracker Plus removal. The whole uninstall process may takes even less than one minute to finish, and then all items associated with Vacation Rental Tracker Plus has been successfully removed from your Mac! MacRemover has a friendly and simply interface and even the first-time users can easily operate any unwanted program uninstallation. With its unique Smart Analytic System, MacRemover is capable of quickly locating every associated components of Vacation Rental Tracker Plus and safely deleting them within a few clicks. Thoroughly uninstalling Vacation Rental Tracker Plus from your mac with MacRemover becomes incredibly straightforward and speedy, right? You don’t need to check the Library or manually remove its additional files. Actually, all you need to do is a select-and-delete move. As MacRemover comes in handy to all those who want to get rid of any unwanted programs without any hassle, you’re welcome to download it and enjoy the excellent user experience right now! This article provides you two methods (both manually and automatically) to properly and quickly uninstall Vacation Rental Tracker Plus , and either of them works for most of the apps on your Mac. If you confront any difficulty in uninstalling any unwanted application/software, don’t hesitate to apply this automatic tool and resolve your troubles. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> KailynSpark valeryxsanz jasmin. LauRicka. CarolinaAyala. AbelineBlack. SteffyStarbadmanxx12HottieNastyCindySexBlondy .Ruslana7BlondieSlaveforUHuellReedsLiv19 .HUSBANDmaterialAbelineBlackMegannFoxyspicylatinhotts .KinkyMPerlaJhannFblondyfoxy81DoubleMuffer .ManennaHotAvril4UKiaraDiamonddNohaAsaly .HuellReedsAngelinaGreymisssvoguespicylatinhotts .SubmissiveLyndaPrettyDinamassubHuellReeds .BellaChopDazzlingMayaThiagoFontanaFinancialDomm .KamaelMillaMixstunningMISTRESSManelykG .DazzlingMayaMarylouBeautyRosstefaandwilliamsSeanMartins .MilfSadieHotAvril4UbigbeautyassSashaAndDreak . SubmissiveLyndaBOYSKINKYSEXLauRickaHotAvril4U .AlejandroVelblondyfoxy81Liv19CarolineWickedBB .SexyGirlss69stellaISbacksaracalieteSeanMartins .xMistressManiacxPrettyDinastefaandwilliamsspicylatinhotts .BIANCAprimadonaNikkyBabeXBlondieSlaveforUblondyfoxy81 .Ruslana7SoDelectableNairnastunningMISTRESS .BlondMeganKamaelsaracalieteHuellReeds .IsabelleBigTitsMatureVivianFinancialDommVoronkana .LuccyxiHUSBANDmaterialChocolateEliseEVILCRUELBABY .SunnyPionaEvangelineStoneHuellReedsManenna .ManelykGXSarahBelleXNikkyBabeXLilaNuah . </s>" <s> KailynSpark valeryxsanz jasmin. LauRicka. CarolinaAyala. AbelineBlack. SteffyStarbadmanxx12HottieNastyCindySexBlondy .Ruslana7BlondieSlaveforUHuellReedsLiv19 .HUSBANDmaterialAbelineBlackMegannFoxyspicylatinhotts .KinkyMPerlaJhannFblondyfoxy81DoubleMuffer .ManennaHotAvril4UKiaraDiamonddNohaAsaly .HuellReedsAngelinaGreymisssvoguespicylatinhotts .SubmissiveLyndaPrettyDinamassubHuellReeds .BellaChopDazzlingMayaThiagoFontanaFinancialDomm .KamaelMillaMixstunningMISTRESSManelykG .DazzlingMayaMarylouBeautyRosstefaandwilliamsSeanMartins .MilfSadieHotAvril4UbigbeautyassSashaAndDreak . SubmissiveLyndaBOYSKINKYSEXLauRickaHotAvril4U .AlejandroVelblondyfoxy81Liv19CarolineWickedBB .SexyGirlss69stellaISbacksaracalieteSeanMartins .xMistressManiacxPrettyDinastefaandwilliamsspicylatinhotts .BIANCAprimadonaNikkyBabeXBlondieSlaveforUblondyfoxy81 .Ruslana7SoDelectableNairnastunningMISTRESS .BlondMeganKamaelsaracalieteHuellReeds .IsabelleBigTitsMatureVivianFinancialDommVoronkana .LuccyxiHUSBANDmaterialChocolateEliseEVILCRUELBABY .SunnyPionaEvangelineStoneHuellReedsManenna .ManelykGXSarahBelleXNikkyBabeXLilaNuah . </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Bangalore: AB de Villiers scored 57 runs off 40 balls as Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Kings XI Punjab by four wickets in a thrilling contest at M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore on Friday. Umesh Yadav was awarded man of the match for his figures of 3/23 in 4 overs. After being set a target of 156 to chase, the hosts got off to worst possible start with Brendon Mc Cullum dismissed for a golden duck by Axar Patel in the first over. Skipper Virat Kohli and wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock then tried to steady RCB innings, but Afghan youngster Mujeeb Zadran bowled a beauty of a delivery to dismiss Kohli for 21 runs. However, the team from Bangalore got their run chase back on track thanks to half-century stand between the South African pair of de Kock and de Villiers. The pair put on 54 runs stand for the third wicket. KXIP&nbsp; skipper Ravichandran Ashwin brought the team back in the game with twin blows in the 11th over. Ashwin first removed dangerous de Kock and then Sarfaraz Khan in back to back delivers. Mandeep Singh along with AB de Villiers then put on 59 run partnership for the 5th wicket to take the game away from the Punjab side. Andrew Tye dismissed AB de Villiers in the 18th over to set up a tense finish to the game. Mandeep Singh too was run out, while trying to take the second run. Washington Sundar applied the finishing touches in the first two balls of the final over to guide the team past finishing line. Wickets of AB de Villers and Mandeep Singh in quick succession has brought the match to nail biting finish. the pressure will be on both the teams and the one who keeps the head will go onto win the exciting contest. With de Villiers at the crease RCB stands chance to win the match, but KXIP bowlers are keeping it tight and not allowing the South African batsman to free his arm. CHANCE! Quinton de Kock goes for legside slog, miscues the shot as the ball goes in the air but falls in between three fielders. KXIP 155-10 after 19.2 overs: Kings XI Punjab were bowled out for 155 runs in 19.2 overs against Royal Challengers Bangalore at M Chinaswamy stadium in Bangalore on Friday. After being put into bat , openers KL Rahul and Mayank Agarwal gave Kings XI Punjab good start. RCB pacer Umesh Yadav then struck three quick wickets in the 4th over to bring back the host in the match. Yadav dismissed Mayank Agarwal, Aaron Finch and Yuvraj Singh in one over to put visitors on back foot. KL Rahul and Karun Nair then put on 50 run stand for the 4th wicket as KXIP looked like well on course towards the recovery, but a poor shot selection by Rahul handed Sundar his first wicket of the match. RCB bowlers soon started to build pressure on opposition batsman as wickets started to tumble at regular interval. RCB bowlers have made strong comeback picking up wickets at regular intreval to have a firm grip on the match. WICKET! Kulwant Khejroliya picks up Axar Patel&#39;s wicket trapping him in front of wicket. The batsman went for review but the ball was full and came back with the angle, Axar shuffled a long way across on the flick and missed the delivery completely. WICKET! Marcus Stoinis departs, goes down the track but misses the delivery.&nbsp; Qunton de Kock gets an easy stumping as Sundar picks hi second wicket of the match. WICKET! Kejroliya picks up his first wicket of the match. Karyun Nair clean bowled as he tries to go for big shot and misses the ball completely. WICKET! Washington Sundar strikes, gets rid of dangerous looking KL Rahul. The batsman tried to hit the delivery over mid-wicket, only to see the ball take top edge of the bat and goes straight into the hands of Sarfaraz Khan at short third man. After losing three quick wickets KL Rahul and Karun Nair have steadied the ship for KXIP as both the batsmen put on 48 run stand so far. After good start by KXIP, Umesh Yadav picked up three wickets in one over to bring the host back in the match. WICKET! Yuvraj SIngh sees his stumps bamboozled by Umesh Yadav, that&#39;s three in the over for the pacer. The bowlers bowls round the wickets and gets the ball to come inside sharply giving the batsman no chance. WICKET! Umesh Yadav on a roll , the Indian pacer catches Aaron Finch right in fromt of stumps of the first ball the batsman faced. Yadav on hattrick. WICKET! Mayank Agarwal edging Umesh Yadav&#39;s delivery to Quinton de Kock behind the stumps. Mayank Agarwal gets off the mark with two boundaries of Umesh Yadavs over. 9 runs conceded by the Indian pacer. KL Rahul gives his team good start with two sixes and one four of Chris Woakes first over. Preview: Bottom-placed Royal Challengers Bengaluru (RCB) will take on third-placed Kings XI Punjab (KXIP) in their second match of the Indian Premier League (IPL) in Bengaluru on Friday. The Virat Kohli-led side is hoping to get their campaign back on track after an opening game defeat, as they lock horns with Kings XI Punjab, led by Ravichandran Ashwin. RCB lost their opening fixture to Kolkata Knight Riders after Sunil Narine snatched a crucial victory for the men in purple by smashing 17-ball fifty.&nbsp; For RCB, it was Brendon McCullum and AB de Villiers who got starts but failed to convert it into a big score. Skipper Virat Kohli will be also looking to score big this time against KXIP. Other batsmen like Quinton de Kock, Sarfaraz Khan will also aim to contribute at Chinnaswamy stadium after failing to contribute with the bat in the first game. The bowling department will once again be headed by Umesh Yadav and Chris Woakes, who shared five wickets between them in the first game. The spin duo of Yuzvendra Chahal and Washington Sundar, who proved ineffective in the opener, will look to weave their magic on the home ground. RCB will be tempted to bring in experienced New Zealand pacer Tim Southee in place of Chris Woakes and see how the move pays off. The visitors, on the other hand, are coming into the match after a comfortable six-wicket win over Delhi Daredevils. KL Rahul, who played for RCB till last season has already recorded the fastest-ever fifty in IPL, after scoring a 16-ball 51 run knock in the opening game. The Karnataka batsman will look to carry on the momentum on his home ground. Chris Gayle, who has also donned the RCB jersey previously, could also find a place in the side. Aaron Finch, who was unavailable for the last match, is also in contention to make it into playing eleven. David Miller and Marcus Stoinis add depth to KXIP batting order and the duo will be relied upon once again. Coming to the bowling department, Afghanistan&rsquo;s 17-year-old spinner Mujeeb-ur-Rahman who made a sensational IPL debut by picking up two wickets will look carry on from where he left off in the last game. Pacers Mohit Sharma and Andrew Tye will also look to put in a good performance. Royal Challengers Bangalore have won the toss and have elected to bowl first. Virat Kohli: We are gonna have a bowl. I think the crowd thinks the match is decided on the basis of the toss. Looks like this pitch is back to normal, hence the decision to bowl first. It&#39;s the same team that played last match. It&#39;s good to be back here and the crowd looks excited always. The aim of any good side in the tournament is to play well at home. Ravichandran Ashwin: I think it&#39;s important to start well and put up a par score. It&#39;s very important to have wickets in hand while batting first. I think we have enough bowling ammunations to put them under pressure. We have one team change, Finch comes in the place for Miller. He deserves to come in the team right away. Royal Challengers Bangalore: Virat Kohli (c), AB de Villiers, Sarfaraz Khan, Chris Woakes, Yuzvendra Singh Chahal, Umesh Yadav, Brendon McCullum, Washington Sundar, Navdeep Saini, Quinton de Kock, Mohammed Siraj, Colin de Grandhomme, Corey Anderson, M Ashwin, Parthiv Patel, Moeen Ali, Mandeep Singh, Manan Vohra, Pawan Negi, Tim Southee, Kulwant Khejroliya, Aniket Choudhary, Pavan Deshpande, Anirudha Joshi. Kings XI Punjab: Ravichandran Ashwin (captain), Yuvraj Singh, Mayank Agarwal, Mayank Dagar, Aaron Finch, Chris Gayle, Manzoor Dar, David Miller, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Karun Nair, Axar Patel, Lokesh Rahul, Marcus Stoinis, Manoj Tiwary, Andrew Tye, Ben Dwarshuis, Ankit Rajpoot, Pardeep Sahu, Mohit Sharma, Barinder Sran, Akshdeep Nath. With Star India now acquiring the media rights from Sony Pictures Network India for the upcoming season, the matches will be telecast on various Star Sports channels. The matches can be viewed live on Hotstar.com or on the Hotstar app. This story has been auto-generated from a syndicated feed from http://www.deccanchronicle.com/sports/cricket/130418/2018-indian-premier-league-royal-challengers-virat-kohli-kings-xi-cric.html . </s>" <s> Bangalore: AB de Villiers scored 57 runs off 40 balls as Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Kings XI Punjab by four wickets in a thrilling contest at M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore on Friday. Umesh Yadav was awarded man of the match for his figures of 3/23 in 4 overs. After being set a target of 156 to chase, the hosts got off to worst possible start with Brendon Mc Cullum dismissed for a golden duck by Axar Patel in the first over. Skipper Virat Kohli and wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock then tried to steady RCB innings, but Afghan youngster Mujeeb Zadran bowled a beauty of a delivery to dismiss Kohli for 21 runs. However, the team from Bangalore got their run chase back on track thanks to half-century stand between the South African pair of de Kock and de Villiers. The pair put on 54 runs stand for the third wicket. KXIP&nbsp; skipper Ravichandran Ashwin brought the team back in the game with twin blows in the 11th over. Ashwin first removed dangerous de Kock and then Sarfaraz Khan in back to back delivers. Mandeep Singh along with AB de Villiers then put on 59 run partnership for the 5th wicket to take the game away from the Punjab side. Andrew Tye dismissed AB de Villiers in the 18th over to set up a tense finish to the game. Mandeep Singh too was run out, while trying to take the second run. Washington Sundar applied the finishing touches in the first two balls of the final over to guide the team past finishing line. Wickets of AB de Villers and Mandeep Singh in quick succession has brought the match to nail biting finish. the pressure will be on both the teams and the one who keeps the head will go onto win the exciting contest. With de Villiers at the crease RCB stands chance to win the match, but KXIP bowlers are keeping it tight and not allowing the South African batsman to free his arm. CHANCE! Quinton de Kock goes for legside slog, miscues the shot as the ball goes in the air but falls in between three fielders. KXIP 155-10 after 19.2 overs: Kings XI Punjab were bowled out for 155 runs in 19.2 overs against Royal Challengers Bangalore at M Chinaswamy stadium in Bangalore on Friday. After being put into bat , openers KL Rahul and Mayank Agarwal gave Kings XI Punjab good start. RCB pacer Umesh Yadav then struck three quick wickets in the 4th over to bring back the host in the match. Yadav dismissed Mayank Agarwal, Aaron Finch and Yuvraj Singh in one over to put visitors on back foot. KL Rahul and Karun Nair then put on 50 run stand for the 4th wicket as KXIP looked like well on course towards the recovery, but a poor shot selection by Rahul handed Sundar his first wicket of the match. RCB bowlers soon started to build pressure on opposition batsman as wickets started to tumble at regular interval. RCB bowlers have made strong comeback picking up wickets at regular intreval to have a firm grip on the match. WICKET! Kulwant Khejroliya picks up Axar Patel&#39;s wicket trapping him in front of wicket. The batsman went for review but the ball was full and came back with the angle, Axar shuffled a long way across on the flick and missed the delivery completely. WICKET! Marcus Stoinis departs, goes down the track but misses the delivery.&nbsp; Qunton de Kock gets an easy stumping as Sundar picks hi second wicket of the match. WICKET! Kejroliya picks up his first wicket of the match. Karyun Nair clean bowled as he tries to go for big shot and misses the ball completely. WICKET! Washington Sundar strikes, gets rid of dangerous looking KL Rahul. The batsman tried to hit the delivery over mid-wicket, only to see the ball take top edge of the bat and goes straight into the hands of Sarfaraz Khan at short third man. After losing three quick wickets KL Rahul and Karun Nair have steadied the ship for KXIP as both the batsmen put on 48 run stand so far. After good start by KXIP, Umesh Yadav picked up three wickets in one over to bring the host back in the match. WICKET! Yuvraj SIngh sees his stumps bamboozled by Umesh Yadav, that&#39;s three in the over for the pacer. The bowlers bowls round the wickets and gets the ball to come inside sharply giving the batsman no chance. WICKET! Umesh Yadav on a roll , the Indian pacer catches Aaron Finch right in fromt of stumps of the first ball the batsman faced. Yadav on hattrick. WICKET! Mayank Agarwal edging Umesh Yadav&#39;s delivery to Quinton de Kock behind the stumps. Mayank Agarwal gets off the mark with two boundaries of Umesh Yadavs over. 9 runs conceded by the Indian pacer. KL Rahul gives his team good start with two sixes and one four of Chris Woakes first over. Preview: Bottom-placed Royal Challengers Bengaluru (RCB) will take on third-placed Kings XI Punjab (KXIP) in their second match of the Indian Premier League (IPL) in Bengaluru on Friday. The Virat Kohli-led side is hoping to get their campaign back on track after an opening game defeat, as they lock horns with Kings XI Punjab, led by Ravichandran Ashwin. RCB lost their opening fixture to Kolkata Knight Riders after Sunil Narine snatched a crucial victory for the men in purple by smashing 17-ball fifty.&nbsp; For RCB, it was Brendon McCullum and AB de Villiers who got starts but failed to convert it into a big score. Skipper Virat Kohli will be also looking to score big this time against KXIP. Other batsmen like Quinton de Kock, Sarfaraz Khan will also aim to contribute at Chinnaswamy stadium after failing to contribute with the bat in the first game. The bowling department will once again be headed by Umesh Yadav and Chris Woakes, who shared five wickets between them in the first game. The spin duo of Yuzvendra Chahal and Washington Sundar, who proved ineffective in the opener, will look to weave their magic on the home ground. RCB will be tempted to bring in experienced New Zealand pacer Tim Southee in place of Chris Woakes and see how the move pays off. The visitors, on the other hand, are coming into the match after a comfortable six-wicket win over Delhi Daredevils. KL Rahul, who played for RCB till last season has already recorded the fastest-ever fifty in IPL, after scoring a 16-ball 51 run knock in the opening game. The Karnataka batsman will look to carry on the momentum on his home ground. Chris Gayle, who has also donned the RCB jersey previously, could also find a place in the side. Aaron Finch, who was unavailable for the last match, is also in contention to make it into playing eleven. David Miller and Marcus Stoinis add depth to KXIP batting order and the duo will be relied upon once again. Coming to the bowling department, Afghanistan&rsquo;s 17-year-old spinner Mujeeb-ur-Rahman who made a sensational IPL debut by picking up two wickets will look carry on from where he left off in the last game. Pacers Mohit Sharma and Andrew Tye will also look to put in a good performance. Royal Challengers Bangalore have won the toss and have elected to bowl first. Virat Kohli: We are gonna have a bowl. I think the crowd thinks the match is decided on the basis of the toss. Looks like this pitch is back to normal, hence the decision to bowl first. It&#39;s the same team that played last match. It&#39;s good to be back here and the crowd looks excited always. The aim of any good side in the tournament is to play well at home. Ravichandran Ashwin: I think it&#39;s important to start well and put up a par score. It&#39;s very important to have wickets in hand while batting first. I think we have enough bowling ammunations to put them under pressure. We have one team change, Finch comes in the place for Miller. He deserves to come in the team right away. Royal Challengers Bangalore: Virat Kohli (c), AB de Villiers, Sarfaraz Khan, Chris Woakes, Yuzvendra Singh Chahal, Umesh Yadav, Brendon McCullum, Washington Sundar, Navdeep Saini, Quinton de Kock, Mohammed Siraj, Colin de Grandhomme, Corey Anderson, M Ashwin, Parthiv Patel, Moeen Ali, Mandeep Singh, Manan Vohra, Pawan Negi, Tim Southee, Kulwant Khejroliya, Aniket Choudhary, Pavan Deshpande, Anirudha Joshi. Kings XI Punjab: Ravichandran Ashwin (captain), Yuvraj Singh, Mayank Agarwal, Mayank Dagar, Aaron Finch, Chris Gayle, Manzoor Dar, David Miller, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Karun Nair, Axar Patel, Lokesh Rahul, Marcus Stoinis, Manoj Tiwary, Andrew Tye, Ben Dwarshuis, Ankit Rajpoot, Pardeep Sahu, Mohit Sharma, Barinder Sran, Akshdeep Nath. With Star India now acquiring the media rights from Sony Pictures Network India for the upcoming season, the matches will be telecast on various Star Sports channels. The matches can be viewed live on Hotstar.com or on the Hotstar app. This story has been auto-generated from a syndicated feed from http://www.deccanchronicle.com/sports/cricket/130418/2018-indian-premier-league-royal-challengers-virat-kohli-kings-xi-cric.html . </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Using a built-in lip gloss applicator, apply Cailyn Pure Lust Extreme Matte Tint + Liquid on bare lips. Wait few seconds for tint to dry. Apply second layer for even greater pop of colors. Isododecane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Isohexadecane, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Dimethicone / Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Propylene Carbonate, Parfum, Propylparaben, Laureth-4, Ethylene Brassylate. MAY CONTAIN Titanium Dioxide [CI 77891], Yellow 5 Lake [CI 19140], Red 6 [CI 15850], Red 6 Lake [CI 15850], Red 7 Lake [CI 15850], Red 21 Lake [CI 45380), Red 27 Lake [CI 45410], Red 30 Lake [CI 73360], Red 36 [CI 12085], Iron Oxide Red [CI 77491], Iron Oxide Yellow [CI 77492], Iron Oxide Black [CI 77499], Manganese Violet [CI 77742], Blue 1 Lake [CI 42090]. </s>" <s> Using a built-in lip gloss applicator, apply Cailyn Pure Lust Extreme Matte Tint + Liquid on bare lips. Wait few seconds for tint to dry. Apply second layer for even greater pop of colors. Isododecane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Isohexadecane, Quaternium-90 Bentonite, Dimethicone / Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Propylene Carbonate, Parfum, Propylparaben, Laureth-4, Ethylene Brassylate. MAY CONTAIN Titanium Dioxide [CI 77891], Yellow 5 Lake [CI 19140], Red 6 [CI 15850], Red 6 Lake [CI 15850], Red 7 Lake [CI 15850], Red 21 Lake [CI 45380), Red 27 Lake [CI 45410], Red 30 Lake [CI 73360], Red 36 [CI 12085], Iron Oxide Red [CI 77491], Iron Oxide Yellow [CI 77492], Iron Oxide Black [CI 77499], Manganese Violet [CI 77742], Blue 1 Lake [CI 42090]. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> You might perform a home remodel in Andry Mobile Home Park, California with kitchenremodelinggurus.com, and you'll discover that there's a method to handle the price quickly. They've experts about the team who'll help you finish a style, plus they have companies who'll get to your house prepared to help. There are certainly a quantity of items you might do whenever you select businesses near me to assist, along with a business that provides the very best search for large kitchens and small kitchens is a superb choice indeed. The task which you do on the budget can help you cut costs in your home, and you'll discover that it's easier to conserve money on each area of the work in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. The folks that handle the task for you'll show you all he areas of the task that you might cut from, and they'll assist you understand which taps of the project are crucial for you. They'll show you quite a bit about your home by simply letting you use their companies, and they'll assist you to realize why you have to handle areas of your home in a particular way. You'll begin with an estimate for the work, whether or not the task is large or small and it'll be comprehensive. You're provided a record that describes the way the function will be completed, and you'll have little ideas published about the record that describe the way the work is going. You might follow-along whilst the function is performed, once they occur or you might ask questions. Record and the estimate alone will come with a unique adviser that sets out the way the function will be completed, as well as the ideas will detail materials and all of the components for every area of the work in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. Whenever you questions about prices companies near me can help you, and they'll demonstrate just how to maintain the price of a kitchen remodel in Andry Mobile Home Park, California down. They realize that you wish to preserve as much money as possible, and they'll do around possible to assist you. they have solutions that will assist show you within the right direction, although they might not have all of the responses you'll need. You might follow their guide while they assist you using the task, and you'll learn that there's a method to produce a home you will be pleased with without paying a lot of money. Format and the colors for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California might be selected very carefully the project design team as well as by you. They'll assist you by showing you photos of additional areas they have completed, plus they might take you with among their shops to provide you with a concept of everything you you might purchase or a showrooms. There are lots of choices that you might select from, and you'll discover that you might develop a home with island, with no island, with several devices, in a little space or in a big room. Creating in 2017 requires that spent sometime making certain you've everything you'll need for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. You have to produce a schedule for that job, and you'll discover just how the company can do it and that you might produce a big schedule that describes all of the job it's to be achieved. There are lots of measures to check out to make sure that the kitchen seems its finest, and you'll discover that estimates in the company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California can let you know how they intend to manage each area of the home. This program they're applying can help them produce a format for that space, and they'll provide you with a schedule that's clear to see. You'll understand quite a bit concerning the home while you plan using the company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California, plus they might inform you items that you didn't know. It's possible that they can provide you with information you could not have thought, and you'll realize whenever you look for products that you have to make allowances for these issues. The company can help show you within this procedure, and they'll demonstrate ways to get the greatest returnoninvestment. You're attempting to boost the price of the property, and you will do this quickly whenever you include your house and the correct items. The study which you do on companies online may consist evaluations which you have discovered online, and you'll discover who provides you with the top results, and who makes errors, who great work. You'll discover that the businesses you're selecting from can help you cut costs by supplying a project policy for your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. You may follow the project approach that you're provided, and you'll understand quite a bit concerning the procedure that'll be applied to assist you. You have to know if you should be confident with the contractor-you have selected before you employ them, and you'll discover that they're effective at providing you with quite a bit of details about the task before they start. They'll assist you to discover why it's very important to employ somebody who knows exactly how to work well with the supplies you intend to utilize, and they'll answer any questions you've. If you should be unsure which company to utilize you might dig online, and you'll discover that all of them have opinions and sites you might read. You might examine their list, when you're on the website and you will do some pricing by yourself. They provide you with ample data to utilize for pricing, and they'll assist you to discover what it requires to obtain your home done. You might start planning out of this stage, and you'll possess a stronger concept of just how to maintain your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California under your budget. Your study can let you know which company to utilize, and they'll help you to get started in your home when possible. You might not have any idea how you'll start your project, your company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California may have an excellent idea. They'll understand what they're effective at performing in your house, and they'll provide you with the benefits you'll need base don an estimate which you have given them. If you have taken the full time to construct a far greater arrange for the area you'll be much more happy with your home. The area will appear ideal since you devoted time to it, and you'll have more value consequently from it. Permit KitchenCabinet Gurus to assist you, and you'll discover that you could make adjustments for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California that'll have appeared impossible previously. The organization needs one to have as numerous options as you can, plus they wish to help you save money in the same time that they're offering an excellent service to you. They're showing you that your home might change right into a position that's ideal for interesting, and they'll demonstrate that you might produce a space that everybody wants to go to. Somebody who has an awareness of your kitchen business may realize that there are lots of contemporary developments in Andry Mobile Home Park, California to think about. They'll provide you with suggestions about issues like the open-concept, and they'll assist you to arrange for the task. The task that you're doing inside your home can come down to a couple crucial options that you need to make. You'll discover that you have to choose each product that gets into your kitchen, and you'll possess the products purchased to be delivered to your house. The company will start focus on your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California once they get the things your own house, and they'll do the job the moment everything is here. They would rather create these options along with you, and they'll show you which products will be the most cost effective for the home. After you have requested everything the actions which you try maintain the home within the best situation possible is going to be useful, and you'll discover the area start to get together. So you might develop a home you'll be happy with you have to follow their guide. Your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California you're making is going to be an incredible spot to visit, and it'll offer your visitors as well as you an ideal spot to have events or meals. The activities that you host within the home is likely to be a lot more fun for you, and you'll experience as if you're in another of the most contemporary areas you've been. The home will increase in price, as well as the home is a feature for that home later on that everybody is going to be satisfied with. </s>" <s> You might perform a home remodel in Andry Mobile Home Park, California with kitchenremodelinggurus.com, and you'll discover that there's a method to handle the price quickly. They've experts about the team who'll help you finish a style, plus they have companies who'll get to your house prepared to help. There are certainly a quantity of items you might do whenever you select businesses near me to assist, along with a business that provides the very best search for large kitchens and small kitchens is a superb choice indeed. The task which you do on the budget can help you cut costs in your home, and you'll discover that it's easier to conserve money on each area of the work in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. The folks that handle the task for you'll show you all he areas of the task that you might cut from, and they'll assist you understand which taps of the project are crucial for you. They'll show you quite a bit about your home by simply letting you use their companies, and they'll assist you to realize why you have to handle areas of your home in a particular way. You'll begin with an estimate for the work, whether or not the task is large or small and it'll be comprehensive. You're provided a record that describes the way the function will be completed, and you'll have little ideas published about the record that describe the way the work is going. You might follow-along whilst the function is performed, once they occur or you might ask questions. Record and the estimate alone will come with a unique adviser that sets out the way the function will be completed, as well as the ideas will detail materials and all of the components for every area of the work in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. Whenever you questions about prices companies near me can help you, and they'll demonstrate just how to maintain the price of a kitchen remodel in Andry Mobile Home Park, California down. They realize that you wish to preserve as much money as possible, and they'll do around possible to assist you. they have solutions that will assist show you within the right direction, although they might not have all of the responses you'll need. You might follow their guide while they assist you using the task, and you'll learn that there's a method to produce a home you will be pleased with without paying a lot of money. Format and the colors for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California might be selected very carefully the project design team as well as by you. They'll assist you by showing you photos of additional areas they have completed, plus they might take you with among their shops to provide you with a concept of everything you you might purchase or a showrooms. There are lots of choices that you might select from, and you'll discover that you might develop a home with island, with no island, with several devices, in a little space or in a big room. Creating in 2017 requires that spent sometime making certain you've everything you'll need for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. You have to produce a schedule for that job, and you'll discover just how the company can do it and that you might produce a big schedule that describes all of the job it's to be achieved. There are lots of measures to check out to make sure that the kitchen seems its finest, and you'll discover that estimates in the company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California can let you know how they intend to manage each area of the home. This program they're applying can help them produce a format for that space, and they'll provide you with a schedule that's clear to see. You'll understand quite a bit concerning the home while you plan using the company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California, plus they might inform you items that you didn't know. It's possible that they can provide you with information you could not have thought, and you'll realize whenever you look for products that you have to make allowances for these issues. The company can help show you within this procedure, and they'll demonstrate ways to get the greatest returnoninvestment. You're attempting to boost the price of the property, and you will do this quickly whenever you include your house and the correct items. The study which you do on companies online may consist evaluations which you have discovered online, and you'll discover who provides you with the top results, and who makes errors, who great work. You'll discover that the businesses you're selecting from can help you cut costs by supplying a project policy for your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California. You may follow the project approach that you're provided, and you'll understand quite a bit concerning the procedure that'll be applied to assist you. You have to know if you should be confident with the contractor-you have selected before you employ them, and you'll discover that they're effective at providing you with quite a bit of details about the task before they start. They'll assist you to discover why it's very important to employ somebody who knows exactly how to work well with the supplies you intend to utilize, and they'll answer any questions you've. If you should be unsure which company to utilize you might dig online, and you'll discover that all of them have opinions and sites you might read. You might examine their list, when you're on the website and you will do some pricing by yourself. They provide you with ample data to utilize for pricing, and they'll assist you to discover what it requires to obtain your home done. You might start planning out of this stage, and you'll possess a stronger concept of just how to maintain your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California under your budget. Your study can let you know which company to utilize, and they'll help you to get started in your home when possible. You might not have any idea how you'll start your project, your company in Andry Mobile Home Park, California may have an excellent idea. They'll understand what they're effective at performing in your house, and they'll provide you with the benefits you'll need base don an estimate which you have given them. If you have taken the full time to construct a far greater arrange for the area you'll be much more happy with your home. The area will appear ideal since you devoted time to it, and you'll have more value consequently from it. Permit KitchenCabinet Gurus to assist you, and you'll discover that you could make adjustments for your home in Andry Mobile Home Park, California that'll have appeared impossible previously. The organization needs one to have as numerous options as you can, plus they wish to help you save money in the same time that they're offering an excellent service to you. They're showing you that your home might change right into a position that's ideal for interesting, and they'll demonstrate that you might produce a space that everybody wants to go to. Somebody who has an awareness of your kitchen business may realize that there are lots of contemporary developments in Andry Mobile Home Park, California to think about. They'll provide you with suggestions about issues like the open-concept, and they'll assist you to arrange for the task. The task that you're doing inside your home can come down to a couple crucial options that you need to make. You'll discover that you have to choose each product that gets into your kitchen, and you'll possess the products purchased to be delivered to your house. The company will start focus on your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California once they get the things your own house, and they'll do the job the moment everything is here. They would rather create these options along with you, and they'll show you which products will be the most cost effective for the home. After you have requested everything the actions which you try maintain the home within the best situation possible is going to be useful, and you'll discover the area start to get together. So you might develop a home you'll be happy with you have to follow their guide. Your kitchen in Andry Mobile Home Park, California you're making is going to be an incredible spot to visit, and it'll offer your visitors as well as you an ideal spot to have events or meals. The activities that you host within the home is likely to be a lot more fun for you, and you'll experience as if you're in another of the most contemporary areas you've been. The home will increase in price, as well as the home is a feature for that home later on that everybody is going to be satisfied with. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Pure agarwood oil offers what commercial perfumery never will: an exercise in sensory refinement. For most olfactory adventurers and frag aficionados, the road ends with Artisanal Agarwood OilTM. It's the supreme artistic creation in the world of fragrance, an acquired taste nurtured to open doors of extraordinary sensation. The perfume industry tries to synthesize and mimic the agarwood scent, while purveying little more than pure laboratory chemicals, rarely any genuine agarwood essential oil. It smells the same all the time, on everybody. Pure oud oil is far more captivating. Ensar OudTM agarwood oil is a 100% organic, natural, and authentic fragrance essence. Too thick to spray, artisanal agarwood oil feels like fine velvet when rubbed onto the skin. Our agarwood oils do not contain one molecule of synthetic aroma chemicals and are certifiably the core essential perfume you are seeking in any designer fragrance. </s>" <s> Pure agarwood oil offers what commercial perfumery never will: an exercise in sensory refinement. For most olfactory adventurers and frag aficionados, the road ends with Artisanal Agarwood OilTM. It's the supreme artistic creation in the world of fragrance, an acquired taste nurtured to open doors of extraordinary sensation. The perfume industry tries to synthesize and mimic the agarwood scent, while purveying little more than pure laboratory chemicals, rarely any genuine agarwood essential oil. It smells the same all the time, on everybody. Pure oud oil is far more captivating. Ensar OudTM agarwood oil is a 100% organic, natural, and authentic fragrance essence. Too thick to spray, artisanal agarwood oil feels like fine velvet when rubbed onto the skin. Our agarwood oils do not contain one molecule of synthetic aroma chemicals and are certifiably the core essential perfume you are seeking in any designer fragrance. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> February 13 marked the 50th Country Radio Seminar. If you’re wondering what the Country Radio Seminar is, just think of it as the place where 6-time GRAMMY winner Kacey Musgraves was first introduced to the industry. On top of showcasing up-and-comers, the event also highlights some huge names that have been gifting radio with their talents for years. Blake Shelton is the latest country star to take home an award for his contributions to music and beyond. The charitable artist was honored with the 2019 Artist Humanitarian Award. Shelton’s philanthropic work has involved raising millions for children’s hospitals, protecting wildlife in his hometown of Oklahoma, helping victims of natural disasters, and much more. “The cool thing about country artists is that I feel like we all step up anytime we get a chance,” Shelton praised while accepting his award (as transcribed by Billboard). </s>" <s> February 13 marked the 50th Country Radio Seminar. If you’re wondering what the Country Radio Seminar is, just think of it as the place where 6-time GRAMMY winner Kacey Musgraves was first introduced to the industry. On top of showcasing up-and-comers, the event also highlights some huge names that have been gifting radio with their talents for years. Blake Shelton is the latest country star to take home an award for his contributions to music and beyond. The charitable artist was honored with the 2019 Artist Humanitarian Award. Shelton’s philanthropic work has involved raising millions for children’s hospitals, protecting wildlife in his hometown of Oklahoma, helping victims of natural disasters, and much more. “The cool thing about country artists is that I feel like we all step up anytime we get a chance,” Shelton praised while accepting his award (as transcribed by Billboard). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Only in Dubai Over half a million dollars and 13 Kg of gold as shopping incentives. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) city of Dubai, through its Gold and Jewellery association, has launched a gold promotion program that offer jewellery shoppers the chance to win 15kg of gold and cash prizes totalling $545,000 (2 million Dirham). BnG Mining Company DMCC is a privately owned Dubai based company, primarily engaged in the exploration and mining of chrome, manganese and copper ore. More Info Financial Controller for a Multinational Mining Company . Mar 02, 2019·Geology & GeoSciences mining jobs. Get daily mining job alerts. New mining job vacancies on Careermine. The Top 10 Construction Companies in Dubai (2018) This list of construction companies in Dubai represents the best in the country. Foreign and local investors look towards these top 10 construction companies in Dubai to help build the prodigious projects that have the world in awe. Mining and Exploration. BnG Mining Group is engaged primarily in manganese, copper and tin extraction and exploration. The Companys current mining operations in the State of Pará are well supported by the regions main development hub in the city of Marabá located 487 km away from the port of Vila do Conde. It should be noted the fraction of income coming from the mining industry increases annually in the total gross national product. Today the United Arab Emirates export products of the mining industry to the dozens of states and seek to expand the geography of trade relations. Emirates Global Aluminium One of the largest aluminium companies in the world, Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA) is jointly owned by Mubadala and the Investment Corporation of Dubai. Minas de Aguas Teñidas (MATSA) Mubadala owns a fifty percent stake in Trafiguras flagship mining operation, Minas de Aguas Teñidas S.A. (MATSA) in Southern Spain. Exhibitor directory and list of 61 exhibiting companies participating in 2019 edition of The Mining Show, Dubai to be held in September. For foreign investors, the mining industry continues to expand, which solicits legal guidance for this new and unfamiliar venture. Our experienced mining lawyers in Dubai and mining lawyers in the UAE can provide the specific legal advice and expertise needed in this field. companies dubai mining . crushing and mining companies in dubai . crushing and mining companies in dubai Shenyang Sanland Crushing And Grinding Equipment Manufacture Shenyang Sanland Crushing And Grinding Equipment Manufacture Co., , high effectivity mining crushing equ . Get A Free Quote. Free job site where you can upload a CV for mining jobs in UAE/Dubai Apply for mining jobs abroad in Europe, UK, London, Ireland, Germany, Dubai, UAE, Qatar, Asia, India, China. English speaking mining jobs for expats, foreigners, Americans, UK citizens. </s>" <s> Only in Dubai Over half a million dollars and 13 Kg of gold as shopping incentives. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) city of Dubai, through its Gold and Jewellery association, has launched a gold promotion program that offer jewellery shoppers the chance to win 15kg of gold and cash prizes totalling $545,000 (2 million Dirham). BnG Mining Company DMCC is a privately owned Dubai based company, primarily engaged in the exploration and mining of chrome, manganese and copper ore. More Info Financial Controller for a Multinational Mining Company . Mar 02, 2019·Geology & GeoSciences mining jobs. Get daily mining job alerts. New mining job vacancies on Careermine. The Top 10 Construction Companies in Dubai (2018) This list of construction companies in Dubai represents the best in the country. Foreign and local investors look towards these top 10 construction companies in Dubai to help build the prodigious projects that have the world in awe. Mining and Exploration. BnG Mining Group is engaged primarily in manganese, copper and tin extraction and exploration. The Companys current mining operations in the State of Pará are well supported by the regions main development hub in the city of Marabá located 487 km away from the port of Vila do Conde. It should be noted the fraction of income coming from the mining industry increases annually in the total gross national product. Today the United Arab Emirates export products of the mining industry to the dozens of states and seek to expand the geography of trade relations. Emirates Global Aluminium One of the largest aluminium companies in the world, Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA) is jointly owned by Mubadala and the Investment Corporation of Dubai. Minas de Aguas Teñidas (MATSA) Mubadala owns a fifty percent stake in Trafiguras flagship mining operation, Minas de Aguas Teñidas S.A. (MATSA) in Southern Spain. Exhibitor directory and list of 61 exhibiting companies participating in 2019 edition of The Mining Show, Dubai to be held in September. For foreign investors, the mining industry continues to expand, which solicits legal guidance for this new and unfamiliar venture. Our experienced mining lawyers in Dubai and mining lawyers in the UAE can provide the specific legal advice and expertise needed in this field. companies dubai mining . crushing and mining companies in dubai . crushing and mining companies in dubai Shenyang Sanland Crushing And Grinding Equipment Manufacture Shenyang Sanland Crushing And Grinding Equipment Manufacture Co., , high effectivity mining crushing equ . Get A Free Quote. Free job site where you can upload a CV for mining jobs in UAE/Dubai Apply for mining jobs abroad in Europe, UK, London, Ireland, Germany, Dubai, UAE, Qatar, Asia, India, China. English speaking mining jobs for expats, foreigners, Americans, UK citizens. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The organizing committee is pleased to invite you to participate in the International Conference on New Developments in Drug Discovery from Natural Products and Traditional Medicines to be held at NIPER, SAS Nagar (Mohali), India. Natural products have been long regarded as mainstay of drug discovery programs. India, with its rich biodiversity, and millennia old traditional medicine system of Ayurveda, offers a unique opportunity for drug discovery from natural sources. Research inputs to provide scientific basis to Ayurveda are need of the hour. This provides for unique advatanges for the pharma industry to enhance drug discovery programs in India. This conference will provide a platform for networking international and national researchers and pharma industry to reap benefits from Mother Nature's Combi-Lab. </s>" <s> The organizing committee is pleased to invite you to participate in the International Conference on New Developments in Drug Discovery from Natural Products and Traditional Medicines to be held at NIPER, SAS Nagar (Mohali), India. Natural products have been long regarded as mainstay of drug discovery programs. India, with its rich biodiversity, and millennia old traditional medicine system of Ayurveda, offers a unique opportunity for drug discovery from natural sources. Research inputs to provide scientific basis to Ayurveda are need of the hour. This provides for unique advatanges for the pharma industry to enhance drug discovery programs in India. This conference will provide a platform for networking international and national researchers and pharma industry to reap benefits from Mother Nature's Combi-Lab. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Your privacy is important to us so we only use the information you provide about yourself and your company when using this website to answer any enquiries you may have of assist us in improving our services to you. We do not share this information with any third party except to the extent necessary to answer your enquiry if that enquiry relates to the involvement of a third party. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data security, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Animation Garden is a company registered in Edinburgh, Scotland. </s>" <s> Your privacy is important to us so we only use the information you provide about yourself and your company when using this website to answer any enquiries you may have of assist us in improving our services to you. We do not share this information with any third party except to the extent necessary to answer your enquiry if that enquiry relates to the involvement of a third party. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data security, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Animation Garden is a company registered in Edinburgh, Scotland. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> The Georgia World Congress Center is huge! Near the entrance was the “Shop” where I snagged the cool Automation Fair T-Shirt that I wore in this week's podcast for just $6! Then it was out to the show floor to see the sights. Next it was on to the Rockwell exhibits to get some product pictures for readers of the blog. In retrospect I have to say I really enjoyed the show this year. However, as it is quite a substantial expense for the self-employed, as of now I'm not sure if I'll be attending next year's show. </s>" <s> The Georgia World Congress Center is huge! Near the entrance was the “Shop” where I snagged the cool Automation Fair T-Shirt that I wore in this week's podcast for just $6! Then it was out to the show floor to see the sights. Next it was on to the Rockwell exhibits to get some product pictures for readers of the blog. In retrospect I have to say I really enjoyed the show this year. However, as it is quite a substantial expense for the self-employed, as of now I'm not sure if I'll be attending next year's show. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The next oral exams will take place on 19. and 20. March 2019, 16:00 - 18:00. Te register send a mail to Philipp. Below are the topics of Web Science that will be addressed in the course. Each student will have to pick two papers of the same topic that she/he will present to the other students in the second part of the course. At least 2 papers of the same topic that you wish to present. Papers will be assigned to students according to the first come first served policy. The exact presentation date will be fixed as soon as enough topics have been assigned. Presentations about the same topic should take place on the same day. [Selected by Rui Tang] Popat, Kashyap, et al. ""Where the truth lies: Explaining the credibility of emerging claims on the web and social media."" WWW, 2017. [Selected by Kush Varma] Horne, Benjamin D., and Sibel Adali. ""This just in: fake news packs a lot in title, uses simpler, repetitive content in text body, more similar to satire than real news."" arXiv preprint arXiv:1703.09398 (2017). [Selected by Rui Tang] Popat, Kashyap, et al. ""Credibility assessment of textual claims on the web."" CIKM, 2016. [Selected by Kush Varma] Kumar, Srijan, Robert West, and Jure Leskovec. ""Disinformation on the web: Impact, characteristics, and detection of wikipedia hoaxes."" WWW 2016. [Selected by Jiang Xuan] Redmon, Joseph, et al. ""You only look once: Unified, real-time object detection."" Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition. 2016. [Selected by Jiang Xuan] Rajpurkar, Pranav, et al. ""CheXNet: Radiologist-Level Pneumonia Detection on Chest X-Rays with Deep Learning."" arXiv preprint arXiv:1711.05225 (2017). [Selected by Xue Yuan] Felbo, Bjarke, et al. ""Using millions of emoji occurrences to learn any-domain representations for detecting sentiment, emotion and sarcasm."" arXiv preprint arXiv:1708.00524 (2017). [Selected by Xue Yuan] Buolamwini, Joy, and Timnit Gebru. ""Gender shades: Intersectional accuracy disparities in commercial gender classification."" Conference on Fairness, Accountability and Transparency. 2018. [Selected by Clemens Pollak] Edith Law, Ming Yin, Joslin Goh, Kevin Chen, Michael A. Terry, and Krzysztof Z. Gajos. 2016. Curiosity Killed the Cat, but Makes Crowdwork Better. In Proceedings of the 2016 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '16). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 4098-4110. [Selected by Clemens Pollak] Ujwal Gadiraju and Stefan Dietze. 2017. Improving learning through achievement priming in crowdsourced information finding microtasks. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Learning Analytics & Knowledge Conference (LAK '17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 105-114. [Selected by Alexander Treptau] Nieves R. Brisaboa, Antonio Fariña, Susana Ladra, and Gonzalo Navarro. 2008. Reorganizing compressed text. In Proceedings of the 31st annual international ACM SIGIR conference on Research and development in information retrieval (SIGIR '08). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 139-146. [Selected by Jwan Alhussein] Hartmut Liefke and Dan Suciu. 2000. XMill: an efficient compressor for XML data. In Proceedings of the 2000 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data (SIGMOD '00). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 153-164. [Selected by Jwan Alhussein] Anh, V. N., & Moffat, A. (2005). Inverted index compression using word-aligned binary codes. Information Retrieval, 8(1), 151-166. </s>" <s> The next oral exams will take place on 19. and 20. March 2019, 16:00 - 18:00. Te register send a mail to Philipp. Below are the topics of Web Science that will be addressed in the course. Each student will have to pick two papers of the same topic that she/he will present to the other students in the second part of the course. At least 2 papers of the same topic that you wish to present. Papers will be assigned to students according to the first come first served policy. The exact presentation date will be fixed as soon as enough topics have been assigned. Presentations about the same topic should take place on the same day. [Selected by Rui Tang] Popat, Kashyap, et al. """Where" the truth lies: Explaining the credibility of emerging claims on the web and social "media.""" WWW, 2017. [Selected by Kush Varma] Horne, Benjamin D., and Sibel Adali. """This" just in: fake news packs a lot in title, uses simpler, repetitive content in text body, more similar to satire than real "news.""" arXiv preprint arXiv:1703.09398 (2017). [Selected by Rui Tang] Popat, Kashyap, et al. """Credibility" assessment of textual claims on the "web.""" CIKM, 2016. [Selected by Kush Varma] Kumar, Srijan, Robert West, and Jure Leskovec. """Disinformation" on the web: Impact, characteristics, and detection of wikipedia "hoaxes.""" WWW 2016. [Selected by Jiang Xuan] Redmon, Joseph, et al. """You" only look once: Unified, real-time object "detection.""" Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition. 2016. [Selected by Jiang Xuan] Rajpurkar, Pranav, et al. """CheXNet:" Radiologist-Level Pneumonia Detection on Chest X-Rays with Deep "Learning.""" arXiv preprint arXiv:1711.05225 (2017). [Selected by Xue Yuan] Felbo, Bjarke, et al. """Using" millions of emoji occurrences to learn any-domain representations for detecting sentiment, emotion and "sarcasm.""" arXiv preprint arXiv:1708.00524 (2017). [Selected by Xue Yuan] Buolamwini, Joy, and Timnit Gebru. """Gender" shades: Intersectional accuracy disparities in commercial gender "classification.""" Conference on Fairness, Accountability and Transparency. 2018. [Selected by Clemens Pollak] Edith Law, Ming Yin, Joslin Goh, Kevin Chen, Michael A. Terry, and Krzysztof Z. Gajos. 2016. Curiosity Killed the Cat, but Makes Crowdwork Better. In Proceedings of the 2016 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '16). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 4098-4110. [Selected by Clemens Pollak] Ujwal Gadiraju and Stefan Dietze. 2017. Improving learning through achievement priming in crowdsourced information finding microtasks. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Learning Analytics & Knowledge Conference (LAK '17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 105-114. [Selected by Alexander Treptau] Nieves R. Brisaboa, Antonio Fariña, Susana Ladra, and Gonzalo Navarro. 2008. Reorganizing compressed text. In Proceedings of the 31st annual international ACM SIGIR conference on Research and development in information retrieval (SIGIR '08). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 139-146. [Selected by Jwan Alhussein] Hartmut Liefke and Dan Suciu. 2000. XMill: an efficient compressor for XML data. In Proceedings of the 2000 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data (SIGMOD '00). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 153-164. [Selected by Jwan Alhussein] Anh, V. N., & Moffat, A. (2005). Inverted index compression using word-aligned binary codes. Information Retrieval, 8(1), 151-166. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Broad spectrum antibacterial injection – gram positive and negative infections. Long-acting – once-a-day dosage – sulfadimidine + trimethoprim. Neutral pH injection. IV injection for Horses. Crosses blood brain barrier and penetrates the eye. Resistance is uncommon. 10 mL per 200 kg bw daily by intravenous (IV) injection only. </s>" <s> Broad spectrum antibacterial injection – gram positive and negative infections. Long-acting – once-a-day dosage – sulfadimidine + trimethoprim. Neutral pH injection. IV injection for Horses. Crosses blood brain barrier and penetrates the eye. Resistance is uncommon. 10 mL per 200 kg bw daily by intravenous (IV) injection only. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Patio, Patio Garden Ideas For Apartment was posted April 17, 2017 at 12:02 am by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Ideas For Apartment has viewed by 1266 visitor. Patio, Patio Garden Watering System was posted November 3, 2017 at 12:40 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Watering System has viewed by 1237 visitor. Patio, What To Plant In A Patio Garden was posted April 17, 2017 at 9:48 am by arlo.info . More over What To Plant In A Patio Garden has viewed by 1797 visitor. Garden, Patio Garden Storage was posted July 25, 2018 at 2:45 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Storage has viewed by 1241 visitor. Office, Treasure Garden Outdoor Patio Furniture was posted January 28, 2017 at 6:50 pm by arlo.info . More over Treasure Garden Outdoor Patio Furniture has viewed by 3347 visitor. Patio, Patio Garden Vegetable Planters was posted February 1, 2018 at 11:00 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Vegetable Planters has viewed by 1694 visitor. Furniture, City Pickers Patio Garden Kit Amazon was posted September 15, 2016 at 11:29 pm by arlo.info . More over City Pickers Patio Garden Kit Amazon has viewed by 1534 visitor. Dining Room, Small Outdoor Patio Garden Ideas was posted April 24, 2016 at 10:45 am by arlo.info . More over Small Outdoor Patio Garden Ideas has viewed by 2926 visitor. </s>" <s> Patio, Patio Garden Ideas For Apartment was posted April 17, 2017 at 12:02 am by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Ideas For Apartment has viewed by 1266 visitor. Patio, Patio Garden Watering System was posted November 3, 2017 at 12:40 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Watering System has viewed by 1237 visitor. Patio, What To Plant In A Patio Garden was posted April 17, 2017 at 9:48 am by arlo.info . More over What To Plant In A Patio Garden has viewed by 1797 visitor. Garden, Patio Garden Storage was posted July 25, 2018 at 2:45 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Storage has viewed by 1241 visitor. Office, Treasure Garden Outdoor Patio Furniture was posted January 28, 2017 at 6:50 pm by arlo.info . More over Treasure Garden Outdoor Patio Furniture has viewed by 3347 visitor. Patio, Patio Garden Vegetable Planters was posted February 1, 2018 at 11:00 pm by arlo.info . More over Patio Garden Vegetable Planters has viewed by 1694 visitor. Furniture, City Pickers Patio Garden Kit Amazon was posted September 15, 2016 at 11:29 pm by arlo.info . More over City Pickers Patio Garden Kit Amazon has viewed by 1534 visitor. Dining Room, Small Outdoor Patio Garden Ideas was posted April 24, 2016 at 10:45 am by arlo.info . More over Small Outdoor Patio Garden Ideas has viewed by 2926 visitor. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Respect human talent, respond to genius, recognize reality, admire truth and beauty, and realize the meaning of the rare flower reason. If you are willing to respect the talents of others, the genius of others, and genuinely love the beauty of someone being able to be honest with how beautiful they really are inside, then you will actually be able to see more of the beautiful parts of life. It is hard to understand why some people are able to love others. But those who are full of peace on the inside are much better able to appreciate the little things in life, including the love of everyone around us. It is hard to love everything in our life at every single moment, partly because it is really hard to focus on things that we are used to seeing and experiencing on an every day basis. The fact remains; we must learn to appreciate the things that help make this world different, and the things that help us to grow. Love the world, show support to artists, and high achievers, live inspired. </s>" <s> Respect human talent, respond to genius, recognize reality, admire truth and beauty, and realize the meaning of the rare flower reason. If you are willing to respect the talents of others, the genius of others, and genuinely love the beauty of someone being able to be honest with how beautiful they really are inside, then you will actually be able to see more of the beautiful parts of life. It is hard to understand why some people are able to love others. But those who are full of peace on the inside are much better able to appreciate the little things in life, including the love of everyone around us. It is hard to love everything in our life at every single moment, partly because it is really hard to focus on things that we are used to seeing and experiencing on an every day basis. The fact remains; we must learn to appreciate the things that help make this world different, and the things that help us to grow. Love the world, show support to artists, and high achievers, live inspired. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> I played rugby in college and even though that was a while ago, I still talk to my coach and go watch the games when I can. This year I played in the Alumni game and really wanted to give back to my team. So I started working with one of the copywriters at work and started to develop recruiting posters for the girls. We really wanted these posters to grab the attention of everyone on campus not just possible players. After completion we learned that bars are now paying the team to have a set of these posters and reprints are in the near future. This project is leading to other great things including a complete web redesign and possibly other media executions. Blair Bunting, a dear friend of mine did the photography for us on a 115 degree day in Papago Park in Phoenix, Arizona. David Wilson was the writer on the project and I couldn't have asked for a better writer on the project. Plotter Doctors and Competition Printing helped us with the printing making it affordable to print enough copies to make a statement on and around campus. To all of you, thank you. - Turning women into men since 1994. - Be part of a family that likes to hit each other. - See new places. Meet new people. Kick their asses. - It takes balls to play. Technically, only one. - PMS isn't a curse. It's an advantage. - Join the ASU Women's Rugby Team. Visit asuwrfc.com for team info. </s>" <s> I played rugby in college and even though that was a while ago, I still talk to my coach and go watch the games when I can. This year I played in the Alumni game and really wanted to give back to my team. So I started working with one of the copywriters at work and started to develop recruiting posters for the girls. We really wanted these posters to grab the attention of everyone on campus not just possible players. After completion we learned that bars are now paying the team to have a set of these posters and reprints are in the near future. This project is leading to other great things including a complete web redesign and possibly other media executions. Blair Bunting, a dear friend of mine did the photography for us on a 115 degree day in Papago Park in Phoenix, Arizona. David Wilson was the writer on the project and I couldn't have asked for a better writer on the project. Plotter Doctors and Competition Printing helped us with the printing making it affordable to print enough copies to make a statement on and around campus. To all of you, thank you. - Turning women into men since 1994. - Be part of a family that likes to hit each other. - See new places. Meet new people. Kick their asses. - It takes balls to play. Technically, only one. - PMS isn't a curse. It's an advantage. - Join the ASU Women's Rugby Team. Visit asuwrfc.com for team info. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> It’s been more than three years since “Cosplay is Not Consent” signs were erected throughout New York Comic Con. The movement, which seeks to educate about actions that should reflect common sense and decency, is now firmly set in minds of con attendees. All across the country, from Ohayocon to Ikkicon, experiences, precautions, and standards mirror each other, but even with the strength of this movement, even with sexual harassment and assault in the public eye like never before, the problem remains. Part of the issue is that even though most attendees are well aware of how they should act toward others, the environment creates conditions in which many choose to ignore their knowledge and better sense and react in ways that harm others. Elena, attending Ikkicon this past year as Yurio from Yuri on Ice, noted that conventions are “more loose” with fewer societal constraints than the world outside, while Skye, dressed as a character from the Percy Jackson book series, also stressed the anonymity that cosplay offers, providing a hiding place both for the painfully shy and for those that would do harm. Every time I cosplay a girl, I have people come up to me, especially older men. This is a giant group of people where somebody like that can hide, where they can get away with it. General Sunbeam has been able to enjoy conventions without being harassed, though others noted that many male cosplayers face these issues as well. See the world for what you want it to be, but at the same time, protect yourself. But what of the young man or woman wandering alone at a convention? One who may not be emotionally or physically strong enough to force off an assault, who would make the perfect target for a predator or who could become the victim of an attendee who takes things too far? There are plenty of these individuals at conventions, a sea of them. And just as troublesome is that even though most know what they should do, walls and fortresses in the form of cosplay communities and groups of friends have to be erected to keep young people safe. Ultimately, it may be too optimistic to believe that harassment and assault at cons will ever go away—these are the actions of people who put their carnal desires first, ahead of caring for others, ahead of common sense and human decency. There’s a little of this awful side to us all, and there will always be those who let it out, but with safeguards in place, incidents will hopefully continue to diminish at conventions. Even more promising, when young cosplayers, more aware than ever of such issues, take the lead in caring for one another, they demonstrating the communal spirit of conventions, and those would seek to break that spirit will find themselves like a lion in the water—out of their element, under attack by those who thrive there, and drowning in a sea that takes away all their predacious intent. Good post! I am happy to see the ways people are protecting themselves. Even if a girl is wearing a super revealing outfit (just my opinion, but I think there should be requirements in cons for clothing. Like, you can’t go in a bikini or basically not having pants on....yes, I once saw a girl with NO pants on basically walking around with everything out....) that is NOT an excuse to get frisky. Everyone needs to keep their hands to themselves. Protecting yourself from harassment is the same in a con as it is outside the con. Use common sense, stay with a group of friends, don’t go somewhere alone when it’s dark (especially girls) and just have fun. Don’t assume everyone is being “nice”, many guys are “nice” so they can get close to a girl. Many times it’s just a strategy so they lower their guard. Definitely true—guys are so often being nice because they want to let a girl’s guard down. Thankfully, it seems like a lot of young women nowadays are especially diligent around guys, and that’s a start! Thanks, Rachel. I would definitely encourage you to visit a convention—while there’s that possibility of something bad happening, the same is true at concerts, festivals, and all sorts of other events. And just as with those, if you take precautions, you should be fine, most of all going with friends and sticking with them, which is almost a necessity to have fun at a con in the first place! I think that almost all anime fans should attend a convention at some time in their lives—they’re not for everyone, but it’s just an experience that’s so connected with the anime fandom that it’s kind of a must! Hey Fiona, guess what? I just looked up animazement! It looks like there’s so much to do there! There’s even a anti-harassment policy. 🙂 I hope we can afford to go! Samuru, I’m a little wary of the idea of policing cosplay clothing (beyond “No real weapons” and “No exposed private parts or cleavage that exposes......stuff” <___<;;;;;; ). My reasons being that well...most anime outfits are pretty suggestive, even somehow the ones that involve at least two layers of clothing. Like see how many anime schoolgirls are drawn with visible curves even though they're somehow wearing a jacket and a shirt under there. Creating some sort of dress code would vastly limit the number of possible outfits women could choose from. Well, that, and whether clothing is found to be suggestive seems very context-dependent, and also dependent on the viewer. I'm a lady, and I'm not an ugly lady, but in the history of my life as far as I know I've never been the target of any serious sexual harassment, even during the three or four years where I was thin, young, and pretty (ah how the mighty have fallen XD). Why? Largely because, I'd guess, my mannerisms are whatever the opposite of glamorous or sexually suggestive is. I come off as eccentric, nervous, and somewhat unintentionally moe (until they hear my low authoritative monotone voice, and then they're just confused XD) which among non-anime fans translates to somebody you want to carry home rather than somebody you want to harass. I agree with you, though, that we should plan for a world in which people are crooks, even if they shouldn't be. And I'm glad cons are awaking to the dangers of the enterprise. My two cents about a dress code: anime conventions are not a place for the modest! And while a more defined line might be helpful, that seems to be something that needs to be decided convention by convention based on their audiences and purpose. And besides...if it’s a reaction against sexual assault, that’s problematic in itself! Oh, and thanks for sharing a bit about yourself Luminas! You usually don’t share the more “real life” kind of stuff, so that was a surprise to read! Yeah, it can get a little awkward to do so, so I avoid it with strangers on the Internet these days unless I know the community pretty well. I actually have a more specific example of how dress codes are sexist and arbitrarily applied that comes from my personal life. The thing to understand is....people with developmental disabilities aren’t sexualized. Pretty much ever. In any culture. In fact, very often we’re desexed by others or even outright prevented from having healthy intimate relationships as adults. Feeling like little more than a genderless, ugly *thing* that not even a mother could love is enough to give anybody a complex about their gender, and there’s a tremendous amount of proof that that’s in fact *exactly* what it does. It would sort of be betraying my own community to explain my suspicions in detail, but basically, anecdotally, autistic people are LGBTQ at more that double the rate of everyone else, and my guess is there is a good reason for this. I had exactly the opposite reaction as a kid—- I skewed hyper-feminine mentally out of a desire to counter this behavior as hard and fast as I possibly could. Good post. I attend conventions, and I have fun and enjoy myself, but I always am aware of my surroundings and realize that some people that attend conventions are not always nice and good potentially be a predator. </s>" <s> It’s been more than three years since “Cosplay is Not Consent” signs were erected throughout New York Comic Con. The movement, which seeks to educate about actions that should reflect common sense and decency, is now firmly set in minds of con attendees. All across the country, from Ohayocon to Ikkicon, experiences, precautions, and standards mirror each other, but even with the strength of this movement, even with sexual harassment and assault in the public eye like never before, the problem remains. Part of the issue is that even though most attendees are well aware of how they should act toward others, the environment creates conditions in which many choose to ignore their knowledge and better sense and react in ways that harm others. Elena, attending Ikkicon this past year as Yurio from Yuri on Ice, noted that conventions are “more loose” with fewer societal constraints than the world outside, while Skye, dressed as a character from the Percy Jackson book series, also stressed the anonymity that cosplay offers, providing a hiding place both for the painfully shy and for those that would do harm. Every time I cosplay a girl, I have people come up to me, especially older men. This is a giant group of people where somebody like that can hide, where they can get away with it. General Sunbeam has been able to enjoy conventions without being harassed, though others noted that many male cosplayers face these issues as well. See the world for what you want it to be, but at the same time, protect yourself. But what of the young man or woman wandering alone at a convention? One who may not be emotionally or physically strong enough to force off an assault, who would make the perfect target for a predator or who could become the victim of an attendee who takes things too far? There are plenty of these individuals at conventions, a sea of them. And just as troublesome is that even though most know what they should do, walls and fortresses in the form of cosplay communities and groups of friends have to be erected to keep young people safe. Ultimately, it may be too optimistic to believe that harassment and assault at cons will ever go away—these are the actions of people who put their carnal desires first, ahead of caring for others, ahead of common sense and human decency. There’s a little of this awful side to us all, and there will always be those who let it out, but with safeguards in place, incidents will hopefully continue to diminish at conventions. Even more promising, when young cosplayers, more aware than ever of such issues, take the lead in caring for one another, they demonstrating the communal spirit of conventions, and those would seek to break that spirit will find themselves like a lion in the water—out of their element, under attack by those who thrive there, and drowning in a sea that takes away all their predacious intent. Good post! I am happy to see the ways people are protecting themselves. Even if a girl is wearing a super revealing outfit (just my opinion, but I think there should be requirements in cons for clothing. Like, you can’t go in a bikini or basically not having pants on....yes, I once saw a girl with NO pants on basically walking around with everything out....) that is NOT an excuse to get frisky. Everyone needs to keep their hands to themselves. Protecting yourself from harassment is the same in a con as it is outside the con. Use common sense, stay with a group of friends, don’t go somewhere alone when it’s dark (especially girls) and just have fun. Don’t assume everyone is being “nice”, many guys are “nice” so they can get close to a girl. Many times it’s just a strategy so they lower their guard. Definitely true—guys are so often being nice because they want to let a girl’s guard down. Thankfully, it seems like a lot of young women nowadays are especially diligent around guys, and that’s a start! Thanks, Rachel. I would definitely encourage you to visit a convention—while there’s that possibility of something bad happening, the same is true at concerts, festivals, and all sorts of other events. And just as with those, if you take precautions, you should be fine, most of all going with friends and sticking with them, which is almost a necessity to have fun at a con in the first place! I think that almost all anime fans should attend a convention at some time in their lives—they’re not for everyone, but it’s just an experience that’s so connected with the anime fandom that it’s kind of a must! Hey Fiona, guess what? I just looked up animazement! It looks like there’s so much to do there! There’s even a anti-harassment policy. 🙂 I hope we can afford to go! Samuru, I’m a little wary of the idea of policing cosplay clothing (beyond “No real weapons” and “No exposed private parts or cleavage that exposes......stuff” <___<;;;;;; ). My reasons being that well...most anime outfits are pretty suggestive, even somehow the ones that involve at least two layers of clothing. Like see how many anime schoolgirls are drawn with visible curves even though they're somehow wearing a jacket and a shirt under there. Creating some sort of dress code would vastly limit the number of possible outfits women could choose from. Well, that, and whether clothing is found to be suggestive seems very context-dependent, and also dependent on the viewer. I'm a lady, and I'm not an ugly lady, but in the history of my life as far as I know I've never been the target of any serious sexual harassment, even during the three or four years where I was thin, young, and pretty (ah how the mighty have fallen XD). Why? Largely because, I'd guess, my mannerisms are whatever the opposite of glamorous or sexually suggestive is. I come off as eccentric, nervous, and somewhat unintentionally moe (until they hear my low authoritative monotone voice, and then they're just confused XD) which among non-anime fans translates to somebody you want to carry home rather than somebody you want to harass. I agree with you, though, that we should plan for a world in which people are crooks, even if they shouldn't be. And I'm glad cons are awaking to the dangers of the enterprise. My two cents about a dress code: anime conventions are not a place for the modest! And while a more defined line might be helpful, that seems to be something that needs to be decided convention by convention based on their audiences and purpose. And besides...if it’s a reaction against sexual assault, that’s problematic in itself! Oh, and thanks for sharing a bit about yourself Luminas! You usually don’t share the more “real life” kind of stuff, so that was a surprise to read! Yeah, it can get a little awkward to do so, so I avoid it with strangers on the Internet these days unless I know the community pretty well. I actually have a more specific example of how dress codes are sexist and arbitrarily applied that comes from my personal life. The thing to understand is....people with developmental disabilities aren’t sexualized. Pretty much ever. In any culture. In fact, very often we’re desexed by others or even outright prevented from having healthy intimate relationships as adults. Feeling like little more than a genderless, ugly *thing* that not even a mother could love is enough to give anybody a complex about their gender, and there’s a tremendous amount of proof that that’s in fact *exactly* what it does. It would sort of be betraying my own community to explain my suspicions in detail, but basically, anecdotally, autistic people are LGBTQ at more that double the rate of everyone else, and my guess is there is a good reason for this. I had exactly the opposite reaction as a kid—- I skewed hyper-feminine mentally out of a desire to counter this behavior as hard and fast as I possibly could. Good post. I attend conventions, and I have fun and enjoy myself, but I always am aware of my surroundings and realize that some people that attend conventions are not always nice and good potentially be a predator. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Bay leaves have been shown to dramatically improve insulin function in people suffering from Type 2 Diabetes, according to a study published in the National Center for Biotechnology Information(NCBI). In the study, researchers split the participants, all with Type II diabetes, into 4 groups. One of the groups were given 1 gram of ground bay leaves in a capsule, and the other 2 groups given 2 and 3 grams respectively. The fourth group was given a placebo. They were all instructed to take the capsules for 30 days. When the researchers examined the results, they found that all three bay leaf groups had lower serum glucose levels, with a marked increase after day 21 of up to a 26% improvement. In contrast, there were no significant changes in the placebo group. </s>" <s> Bay leaves have been shown to dramatically improve insulin function in people suffering from Type 2 Diabetes, according to a study published in the National Center for Biotechnology Information(NCBI). In the study, researchers split the participants, all with Type II diabetes, into 4 groups. One of the groups were given 1 gram of ground bay leaves in a capsule, and the other 2 groups given 2 and 3 grams respectively. The fourth group was given a placebo. They were all instructed to take the capsules for 30 days. When the researchers examined the results, they found that all three bay leaf groups had lower serum glucose levels, with a marked increase after day 21 of up to a 26% improvement. In contrast, there were no significant changes in the placebo group. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Decent availability. Sample date in June, with stopover built in ZRH and SIN. 2 x segment of SQ A380 if you like to experience their 2018 J product from Europe to Australia. P/s: my first post - please be gentle. cant embed link. Pocatello and ft543 like this. 2,000 USD for the return in J would be a good fare. I agree too. But for a first find not too bad. As others have said we need as many folks posting these deals so that when/if you need it you've go a community of people proving options. Pocatello, nickohrn, Utskicat and 4 others like this. Agreed as well, but congrats on first post, keep searching and post again! As a rule of thumb Exit Europe (especially CDG and Norwegian cities) J round trip to Australia and NZ can frequently be found in the 2300-2800 EUR range. They do sell out though so early booking is a must. BSBtraveller and Free As A Bird like this. Thanks OP. I appreciate people posting one way fares as often I am trying to piece together itineraries with a combination of award bookings and one way tickets. </s>" <s> Decent availability. Sample date in June, with stopover built in ZRH and SIN. 2 x segment of SQ A380 if you like to experience their 2018 J product from Europe to Australia. P/s: my first post - please be gentle. cant embed link. Pocatello and ft543 like this. 2,000 USD for the return in J would be a good fare. I agree too. But for a first find not too bad. As others have said we need as many folks posting these deals so that when/if you need it you've go a community of people proving options. Pocatello, nickohrn, Utskicat and 4 others like this. Agreed as well, but congrats on first post, keep searching and post again! As a rule of thumb Exit Europe (especially CDG and Norwegian cities) J round trip to Australia and NZ can frequently be found in the 2300-2800 EUR range. They do sell out though so early booking is a must. BSBtraveller and Free As A Bird like this. Thanks OP. I appreciate people posting one way fares as often I am trying to piece together itineraries with a combination of award bookings and one way tickets. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Moniker for a Jakarta based producer, CNTROL offers a unique but comprehensive wave of electronic sound, a fresh addition in the nation’s electronic scene. More than just music, CNTROL creates a sound journey that is both mysterious and uplifting at the same time. His debut album is proof that he deserves to be acknowledged. </s>" <s> Moniker for a Jakarta based producer, CNTROL offers a unique but comprehensive wave of electronic sound, a fresh addition in the nation’s electronic scene. More than just music, CNTROL creates a sound journey that is both mysterious and uplifting at the same time. His debut album is proof that he deserves to be acknowledged. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Nordic Green! Crack head LOL! I was rolling in the silver Galant on the inside lane if you saw me. I was going to catch up and wave but my exit was coming up. Car looked good dude. Cheers fella, yeah it looked mint and obviously don't see many of those on the road. Always remind me of Gran Turismo! </s>" <s> Nordic Green! Crack head LOL! I was rolling in the silver Galant on the inside lane if you saw me. I was going to catch up and wave but my exit was coming up. Car looked good dude. Cheers fella, yeah it looked mint and obviously don't see many of those on the road. Always remind me of Gran Turismo! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Hurricane Irma left a path of destruction throughout Florida, including Miami, leaving thousands of residents with homes that are uninhabitable. Most of those affected will be expected to file insurance claims, but they may also need the help of our Miami FL property damage attorneys to ensure that they receive adequate compensation. Offering assistance to hurricane victims and their contractors is one of the services available from the BHD Law Firm. Even before filing a claim, homeowners need to understand the extent of their coverage. Normally, a policy will cover damage to the main property, related structures and the contents of the home, including furniture. However, coverage for wind damage to the roof or other sections of the home may require a higher deductible. Policies usually cover water damage resulting from heavy rain, although this coverage may not extend to the type of flooding experienced in Miami during the recent storm. Affected homeowners should take pictures of their properties before the debris is cleared away, which will make it easier for insurance companies to assess the damage. They should also check for damage that may not be obvious or even visible from the outside. Claims that are filed should be complete in order to prevent disruptions that can hamper the entire process. A disaster of the size of Hurricane Irma is bound to slow the recovery process. Furthermore, many who file claims may find that the compensation provided is less than that needed. This is why the victims of Irma should consider seeking assistance from our Miami FL property damage attorneys before they file a claim. Our attorneys will review your policy and evaluate your claim for the purpose of obtaining the highest recovery for your claim. Our firm will take legal action against your insurance company should they fail to properly compensate you for your loss. Call the Law Office of BHD at 305-891-0211 for a consultation. The BHD Law Firm represents contractors such water and mold remediation companies and other contractors who have received an assignment of insurance benefits and whose claim has been denied or not paid in full. BHD Law has over 25 years of experience in litigating against insurance companies who fail to pay assigned claims. Call 305-891-0211 for a consultation. </s>" <s> Hurricane Irma left a path of destruction throughout Florida, including Miami, leaving thousands of residents with homes that are uninhabitable. Most of those affected will be expected to file insurance claims, but they may also need the help of our Miami FL property damage attorneys to ensure that they receive adequate compensation. Offering assistance to hurricane victims and their contractors is one of the services available from the BHD Law Firm. Even before filing a claim, homeowners need to understand the extent of their coverage. Normally, a policy will cover damage to the main property, related structures and the contents of the home, including furniture. However, coverage for wind damage to the roof or other sections of the home may require a higher deductible. Policies usually cover water damage resulting from heavy rain, although this coverage may not extend to the type of flooding experienced in Miami during the recent storm. Affected homeowners should take pictures of their properties before the debris is cleared away, which will make it easier for insurance companies to assess the damage. They should also check for damage that may not be obvious or even visible from the outside. Claims that are filed should be complete in order to prevent disruptions that can hamper the entire process. A disaster of the size of Hurricane Irma is bound to slow the recovery process. Furthermore, many who file claims may find that the compensation provided is less than that needed. This is why the victims of Irma should consider seeking assistance from our Miami FL property damage attorneys before they file a claim. Our attorneys will review your policy and evaluate your claim for the purpose of obtaining the highest recovery for your claim. Our firm will take legal action against your insurance company should they fail to properly compensate you for your loss. Call the Law Office of BHD at 305-891-0211 for a consultation. The BHD Law Firm represents contractors such water and mold remediation companies and other contractors who have received an assignment of insurance benefits and whose claim has been denied or not paid in full. BHD Law has over 25 years of experience in litigating against insurance companies who fail to pay assigned claims. Call 305-891-0211 for a consultation. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Blue Friday Rally at State Capitol Today! Kick off your Memorial Day weekend by cheering on our Seattle Seahawks! You can celebrate the Seahawks 12 Tour with a special Blue Friday rally at the State Capitol in Olympia. You'll see surprise Seahawk players making an appearance along with Blitz, Blue Thunder, and the SeaGals! To get you in the mood, check out the Boot Boogie Babes, Seattle's Line Dance Team performing the #12thManLineDance at Hawk Fest '18 last weekend! </s>" <s> Blue Friday Rally at State Capitol Today! Kick off your Memorial Day weekend by cheering on our Seattle Seahawks! You can celebrate the Seahawks 12 Tour with a special Blue Friday rally at the State Capitol in Olympia. You'll see surprise Seahawk players making an appearance along with Blitz, Blue Thunder, and the SeaGals! To get you in the mood, check out the Boot Boogie Babes, Seattle's Line Dance Team performing the #12thManLineDance at Hawk Fest '18 last weekend! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> You've probably felt anxious in social situations for your whole life. And you probably thought it would never change. You may have resigned yourself to all the worry and fear you feel before a social event, and perhaps developed ways to cope with that. What if you could train yourself to relax at social occasions. And in the lead-up to them too? What if socializing could become something you actively seek out, so that growing your social circle becomes something you look forward to? People who have been socially anxious at any time know that social anxiety actually hurts. Anxiety knots your stomach, stress makes your head ache and the constant jolts of adrenaline and fear sap your energy. But the consequences of social anxiety hurt too. You know how isolating it is. You know how hard it is to really get to know people, to form the friendships you'd like to, when social situations feel like torture. There's a reason it's called 'painfully' shy. Scans of the brain have shown loneliness activates the same centres that pain does. Just because you suffer from social anxiety doesn't mean you don't need human contact. Laughter, intimacy and friendship are like food and water. You wilt without it. Susan was dreading the weekend. Her stomach tightened every time she thought about it. Her kind neighbours had invited her over for a dinner party on Saturday night, and they had hinted there would be nice single men there. She should be looking forward to it, she knew that. How many times had she felt lonely on the weekends when her sister or her best friend had been busy? They were really the only two people she could properly relax around. And when only two people make up your social circle, then the loneliness sets in. Evenings go on forever. Weekends feel like months. But all the times her mother told her off for being 'weird' has given her a choking fear of people thinking she's odd and desperately not wanting to offend or bother anyone. Sometimes Susan thinks if she were sick she couldn't call 911 for help. She'd be too shy. But right now, being really ill sounds (almost) better than the dinner party looming ahead. All those people. All those faces. What if she people think she's a loser for being there by herself? What if someone struck up a conversation with her? What if she dropped something and everyone stared at her? Whenever she 'talks' to strangers, her insides feel like they're shrivelling up. She sweats and her face flushes and her hands shake uncontrollably. Susan is so afraid of humiliating herself, it's hard to speak. It's like the anxiety is physically strangling her - words can't come out. And when they do they're so soft and so strange people look at her like she's nuts. In glorious technicolour her memory vividly shows her all the times people have laughed at her and teased her. All the times she's got strange looks. She can just see herself making a fool of herself in front of everyone at the dinner party. It makes her stomach hurt just thinking about it. No! Susan spent most of her 20s hiding from party invites and shirking social situations. It became a default reaction. That's part of the reason why she's in this state of only having a few friends, and feeling painfully lonely. That's why she's been single for so long. That's why she worries about being a crazy old lady who dies alone. Susan hates always feeling like she's missing out. She feels ashamed she's 33 and can't go to a neighbour's house without feeling this way. Remember the book Catch-22? You probably had to read it in school. In the book, no sane pilot would be crazy enough to want to continue flying really dangerous missions, but could only be grounded if they were certified insane. You feel lonely, but the thought of being with other people is frightening. You're churning with anxiety when you're out socially, but you hate always being alone. It gets frustrating and it feels like there's no way out. But there is. Hypnosis changes the way your unconscious mind reacts to situations, or imagined situations. It gently and naturally eases your fears about socializing and your anxiety over not being liked so that social confidence becomes a natural part of your personality. In this 10-step program we use hypnosis (as well as exercises and practice) to make you feel confident and calm about socializing. But why focus on calming the emotions behind social anxiety? Well, it's because if you are very calm about the thought of socializing, then the battle is half won. It's so much easier to enjoy social situations if anxiety isn't clouding everything you do. It's so much easier to make small talk when you're actually focusing on the conversation and not imagining how badly you must be coming across. And it's impossible to really connect with people if you're stuck inside your own head. If you don't take care of the emotional aspect of social anxiety, then all the techniques in the world won't help (and we have some very useful techniques for you too!). Brain scans of lonely people have shown that loneliness causes activity in the same parts of the brain that register physical pain. ""I am amazed. Your hypnosis sessions have truly been a bright spot in my year. I have battled with shyness and insecurity all my life (I'm 30), and now there is a definite difference in the way I feel, think and talk. Your overcome shyness session is slowly but surely allowing me to conquer my lifetime built-in shyness--- and in only three weeks! It's like, I don't have to rush things, I can take my time, enjoy situations, conversations without be distracted by self-conscious thoughts."" In case you're wondering, we're not promising to turn you into some sort of socializing machine. You want to be the centre of attention all the time. There's such a thing as quiet confidence. There are perfectly happy people who can enjoy parties and gatherings in a calm, understated way. You're at your friend's house and some people you don't know call by. You're not extremely nervous, and you join in the conversation, interested to find out about them. You're happy to answer the phone, ask for directions or say hi to the people in your neighborhood. You go to a wedding and don't mind that you're seated at a table with people you don't know very well. You chat to several of them and go home with a couple of numbers to follow up later. You decide you want to learn Italian so you go to night classes, without worrying what the others there will think of you. You're at a work function and enjoy chatting to your colleagues, even the ones you don't work directly with. You feel butterflies before going on a first date, or to a job interview, but you feel the fear and do it anyway! ""Before getting a hypnosis download I was a bit reluctant, because I wasn't sure if they would be worthwhile. There are so many things on the internet, and it can be difficult to sort through the useless to find the useful!"" ""One of my downloads is for 'Overcoming Social Anxiety'. My husband's work requires us to attend many social functions, and being a shy person, I really felt I was in over my head and found these occasions very stressful. When I listen to it before an upcoming social event that has me worried, I find it helps me to relax and not to anticipate a negative experience, and to allow myself to be more spontaneous."" ""I would recommend Overcoming Social Anxiety to anyone with shyness or social phobias, or really any anxiety, because it helps you to think in a different way and see things in a more relaxed light. What you are thinking can completely color your world, so if something helps you to think more positively, your experience of what goes on around you is greatly improved."" You are not alone. We surveyed 43,819 people on one of our courses about what their biggest confidence issue is. More than a third said their biggest fears involved socialising and other people. What are the 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety? Learn how to calm anxious thoughts and feelings before you meet new people and when you are in their company. Stop being ultra self conscious by training your brain to switch off its social anxiety response. Lose the mask and express yourself more naturally in conversation. Unconsciously know how to use the right amount of eye contact and other non verbal signals to show your interest in others. Get back into the habit of meeting people and enjoy healthy relationships with them. Start conversations successfully by building rapport and creating a positive first impression. Small talk smooths the way for big talk and helps you through difficult social occasions. Step out of the shadows and into the conversation by making regular, valuable contributions to group discussions. A useful model of how people interact, to ensure you communicate on the right level. It's a problem we've struck before. Thanks to stage hypnotists, hypnosis has a tarnished reputation, but as experienced hypnotherapist trainers in business since 1998, we're on a mission to show the enormous benefits of hypnotherapy. In the meantime, we hope our full refund gives you peace of mind. We give a full refund on all our products (including 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety) within three months of the purchase date. Just send us an email, let us know it hasn't worked for you, and we'll refund you, no questions asked. How much better will you feel on a daily basis when you're not hiding from social situations? How many friends will you make? What will you be able to do now that you couldn't in the past? How much more easily will you go about your day, when that constant low lying anxiety disappears? How much happier will you be when fear and dread isn't eating you up all the time? Social confidence is a key life skill, absolutely necessary for you to feel truly happy. Which is why a solid solution that tackles thoughts where they happen - the subconscious - is what's needed to solve this problem for good. Get started on your path to fun and friendship today; just download the course below and you're on your way. Good luck! I can't remember how I found your site that day but I saw your download for stopping social phobia. I thought I'll give that a go, then the checkout came, buy 3 get a 'discount' (sucked in straight away lol) I added two others along the same lines, loaded them to my mp3 player and had a listen. Listened to 1 and remember being amazed. I remember a few minutes of listening then I was being told to be aware of the room again, so much time had past which seemed like minutes. I remember I had a short break and then listened to the other two. I didn't tell my wife Liz at first as I wasn't sure if she'd laugh or it would really work. I listened to them every day for a fortnight cycling them (1 a day). Then one day we're in the chip shop (Liz used to always order) I strangely felt calmer! The lady asked what she could get us and I jumped in and confidently listed off what we wanted, Liz nearly passed out I swear, I was so proud of myself! I 'top up' on those mp3's every now and then as every so often I get the nerves when I have to go somewhere new. When the nerves come now I don't let them take over like I did before as I know I can do it and nothing bad will happen. I owe you so much for getting me out of my pit. We've got some of Liz's work friends coming around tonight for a meal for the first time because before Liz always understood I'd freak out on her, but I suggested it to test myself mainly. That's the first time I've actually thought about them coming today. It would have been a 24/7 panic fest before, me thinking of everything that would go wrong and me hating it. No panic, no obsessing over it - I can actually say I'm looking forward to it! 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety Course has been purchased by 739 customers. </s>" <s> You've probably felt anxious in social situations for your whole life. And you probably thought it would never change. You may have resigned yourself to all the worry and fear you feel before a social event, and perhaps developed ways to cope with that. What if you could train yourself to relax at social occasions. And in the lead-up to them too? What if socializing could become something you actively seek out, so that growing your social circle becomes something you look forward to? People who have been socially anxious at any time know that social anxiety actually hurts. Anxiety knots your stomach, stress makes your head ache and the constant jolts of adrenaline and fear sap your energy. But the consequences of social anxiety hurt too. You know how isolating it is. You know how hard it is to really get to know people, to form the friendships you'd like to, when social situations feel like torture. There's a reason it's called 'painfully' shy. Scans of the brain have shown loneliness activates the same centres that pain does. Just because you suffer from social anxiety doesn't mean you don't need human contact. Laughter, intimacy and friendship are like food and water. You wilt without it. Susan was dreading the weekend. Her stomach tightened every time she thought about it. Her kind neighbours had invited her over for a dinner party on Saturday night, and they had hinted there would be nice single men there. She should be looking forward to it, she knew that. How many times had she felt lonely on the weekends when her sister or her best friend had been busy? They were really the only two people she could properly relax around. And when only two people make up your social circle, then the loneliness sets in. Evenings go on forever. Weekends feel like months. But all the times her mother told her off for being 'weird' has given her a choking fear of people thinking she's odd and desperately not wanting to offend or bother anyone. Sometimes Susan thinks if she were sick she couldn't call 911 for help. She'd be too shy. But right now, being really ill sounds (almost) better than the dinner party looming ahead. All those people. All those faces. What if she people think she's a loser for being there by herself? What if someone struck up a conversation with her? What if she dropped something and everyone stared at her? Whenever she 'talks' to strangers, her insides feel like they're shrivelling up. She sweats and her face flushes and her hands shake uncontrollably. Susan is so afraid of humiliating herself, it's hard to speak. It's like the anxiety is physically strangling her - words can't come out. And when they do they're so soft and so strange people look at her like she's nuts. In glorious technicolour her memory vividly shows her all the times people have laughed at her and teased her. All the times she's got strange looks. She can just see herself making a fool of herself in front of everyone at the dinner party. It makes her stomach hurt just thinking about it. No! Susan spent most of her 20s hiding from party invites and shirking social situations. It became a default reaction. That's part of the reason why she's in this state of only having a few friends, and feeling painfully lonely. That's why she's been single for so long. That's why she worries about being a crazy old lady who dies alone. Susan hates always feeling like she's missing out. She feels ashamed she's 33 and can't go to a neighbour's house without feeling this way. Remember the book Catch-22? You probably had to read it in school. In the book, no sane pilot would be crazy enough to want to continue flying really dangerous missions, but could only be grounded if they were certified insane. You feel lonely, but the thought of being with other people is frightening. You're churning with anxiety when you're out socially, but you hate always being alone. It gets frustrating and it feels like there's no way out. But there is. Hypnosis changes the way your unconscious mind reacts to situations, or imagined situations. It gently and naturally eases your fears about socializing and your anxiety over not being liked so that social confidence becomes a natural part of your personality. In this 10-step program we use hypnosis (as well as exercises and practice) to make you feel confident and calm about socializing. But why focus on calming the emotions behind social anxiety? Well, it's because if you are very calm about the thought of socializing, then the battle is half won. It's so much easier to enjoy social situations if anxiety isn't clouding everything you do. It's so much easier to make small talk when you're actually focusing on the conversation and not imagining how badly you must be coming across. And it's impossible to really connect with people if you're stuck inside your own head. If you don't take care of the emotional aspect of social anxiety, then all the techniques in the world won't help (and we have some very useful techniques for you too!). Brain scans of lonely people have shown that loneliness causes activity in the same parts of the brain that register physical pain. """I" am amazed. Your hypnosis sessions have truly been a bright spot in my year. I have battled with shyness and insecurity all my life (I'm 30), and now there is a definite difference in the way I feel, think and talk. Your overcome shyness session is slowly but surely allowing me to conquer my lifetime built-in shyness--- and in only three weeks! It's like, I don't have to rush things, I can take my time, enjoy situations, conversations without be distracted by self-conscious "thoughts.""" In case you're wondering, we're not promising to turn you into some sort of socializing machine. You want to be the centre of attention all the time. There's such a thing as quiet confidence. There are perfectly happy people who can enjoy parties and gatherings in a calm, understated way. You're at your friend's house and some people you don't know call by. You're not extremely nervous, and you join in the conversation, interested to find out about them. You're happy to answer the phone, ask for directions or say hi to the people in your neighborhood. You go to a wedding and don't mind that you're seated at a table with people you don't know very well. You chat to several of them and go home with a couple of numbers to follow up later. You decide you want to learn Italian so you go to night classes, without worrying what the others there will think of you. You're at a work function and enjoy chatting to your colleagues, even the ones you don't work directly with. You feel butterflies before going on a first date, or to a job interview, but you feel the fear and do it anyway! """Before" getting a hypnosis download I was a bit reluctant, because I wasn't sure if they would be worthwhile. There are so many things on the internet, and it can be difficult to sort through the useless to find the "useful!""" """One" of my downloads is for 'Overcoming Social Anxiety'. My husband's work requires us to attend many social functions, and being a shy person, I really felt I was in over my head and found these occasions very stressful. When I listen to it before an upcoming social event that has me worried, I find it helps me to relax and not to anticipate a negative experience, and to allow myself to be more "spontaneous.""" """I" would recommend Overcoming Social Anxiety to anyone with shyness or social phobias, or really any anxiety, because it helps you to think in a different way and see things in a more relaxed light. What you are thinking can completely color your world, so if something helps you to think more positively, your experience of what goes on around you is greatly "improved.""" You are not alone. We surveyed 43,819 people on one of our courses about what their biggest confidence issue is. More than a third said their biggest fears involved socialising and other people. What are the 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety? Learn how to calm anxious thoughts and feelings before you meet new people and when you are in their company. Stop being ultra self conscious by training your brain to switch off its social anxiety response. Lose the mask and express yourself more naturally in conversation. Unconsciously know how to use the right amount of eye contact and other non verbal signals to show your interest in others. Get back into the habit of meeting people and enjoy healthy relationships with them. Start conversations successfully by building rapport and creating a positive first impression. Small talk smooths the way for big talk and helps you through difficult social occasions. Step out of the shadows and into the conversation by making regular, valuable contributions to group discussions. A useful model of how people interact, to ensure you communicate on the right level. It's a problem we've struck before. Thanks to stage hypnotists, hypnosis has a tarnished reputation, but as experienced hypnotherapist trainers in business since 1998, we're on a mission to show the enormous benefits of hypnotherapy. In the meantime, we hope our full refund gives you peace of mind. We give a full refund on all our products (including 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety) within three months of the purchase date. Just send us an email, let us know it hasn't worked for you, and we'll refund you, no questions asked. How much better will you feel on a daily basis when you're not hiding from social situations? How many friends will you make? What will you be able to do now that you couldn't in the past? How much more easily will you go about your day, when that constant low lying anxiety disappears? How much happier will you be when fear and dread isn't eating you up all the time? Social confidence is a key life skill, absolutely necessary for you to feel truly happy. Which is why a solid solution that tackles thoughts where they happen - the subconscious - is what's needed to solve this problem for good. Get started on your path to fun and friendship today; just download the course below and you're on your way. Good luck! I can't remember how I found your site that day but I saw your download for stopping social phobia. I thought I'll give that a go, then the checkout came, buy 3 get a 'discount' (sucked in straight away lol) I added two others along the same lines, loaded them to my mp3 player and had a listen. Listened to 1 and remember being amazed. I remember a few minutes of listening then I was being told to be aware of the room again, so much time had past which seemed like minutes. I remember I had a short break and then listened to the other two. I didn't tell my wife Liz at first as I wasn't sure if she'd laugh or it would really work. I listened to them every day for a fortnight cycling them (1 a day). Then one day we're in the chip shop (Liz used to always order) I strangely felt calmer! The lady asked what she could get us and I jumped in and confidently listed off what we wanted, Liz nearly passed out I swear, I was so proud of myself! I 'top up' on those mp3's every now and then as every so often I get the nerves when I have to go somewhere new. When the nerves come now I don't let them take over like I did before as I know I can do it and nothing bad will happen. I owe you so much for getting me out of my pit. We've got some of Liz's work friends coming around tonight for a meal for the first time because before Liz always understood I'd freak out on her, but I suggested it to test myself mainly. That's the first time I've actually thought about them coming today. It would have been a 24/7 panic fest before, me thinking of everything that would go wrong and me hating it. No panic, no obsessing over it - I can actually say I'm looking forward to it! 10 Steps to Overcome Social Anxiety Course has been purchased by 739 customers. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Grab This Readymade Kurti For Your Casual Or Semi-Casual Wear In Orange And Cream Color Fabricated On Rayon. You're reviewing: Orange,Cream Colour Readymade Kurti. Yellow Colour Designer Salwar Suit. Beige Colour Palazzo Salwar Suit. </s>" <s> Grab This Readymade Kurti For Your Casual Or Semi-Casual Wear In Orange And Cream Color Fabricated On Rayon. You're reviewing: Orange,Cream Colour Readymade Kurti. Yellow Colour Designer Salwar Suit. Beige Colour Palazzo Salwar Suit. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Economic Force for Jobs - Duration: 3 minutes, 7 seconds. Celebrating our People - Don Ockrassa - Duration: 107 seconds. Port of Oakland free harbor tours 2019 - Duration: 29 seconds. How to find opportunities with the Port of Oakland #2 - Duration: 95 seconds. Celebrating our People - Uma Ramgopal - Duration: 73 seconds. WWII Navy Veteran gets his wish - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds. Meet Ramon Merle - Duration: 51 seconds. Port of Oakland Summer Internship 2019 - Alumnus encourages applying - Duration: 34 seconds. Shore power for bluer skies - Duration: 2 minutes, 34 seconds. Port of Oakland 2019 Summer College Internship Program - Duration: 25 seconds. Port of Oakland – Growth with care: In their words - Duration: 2 minutes, 47 seconds. Celebrating our People - Gina Porter - Duration: 75 seconds. </s>" <s> Economic Force for Jobs - Duration: 3 minutes, 7 seconds. Celebrating our People - Don Ockrassa - Duration: 107 seconds. Port of Oakland free harbor tours 2019 - Duration: 29 seconds. How to find opportunities with the Port of Oakland #2 - Duration: 95 seconds. Celebrating our People - Uma Ramgopal - Duration: 73 seconds. WWII Navy Veteran gets his wish - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds. Meet Ramon Merle - Duration: 51 seconds. Port of Oakland Summer Internship 2019 - Alumnus encourages applying - Duration: 34 seconds. Shore power for bluer skies - Duration: 2 minutes, 34 seconds. Port of Oakland 2019 Summer College Internship Program - Duration: 25 seconds. Port of Oakland – Growth with care: In their words - Duration: 2 minutes, 47 seconds. Celebrating our People - Gina Porter - Duration: 75 seconds. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> All of us love to do it! We do it in the day and at the night, anytime and anywhere. Yes, now you’re thinking exactly about it – about the most valuable and lovely occupation in our lives – EATING. We all like to eat something delicious at home, sit and enjoy our meals in a cafe or go for a dinner to our friends`. It is not about plump people and real food-fans, but about each of us. When you work all the day and you know that tomorrow you will work as well, what else can change your ideas and make them work in another plane, if not a yummy? As soon as your battery is running low, adenosine reduces the functioning of the brain. And there are only two ways to restore your energy, they are rest and FOOD (well, or some secret weapon). However, this occupation is not only necessary, but also incredibly enjoyable. Inside each of us lives a real gourmet, who is familiar with the feelings arising after a piece of something soft and tasty melt in ones mouth. Many people feel happier in such moments. The time slows down. Just try to sit into a chair or on a cushion and close your eyes. At a certain point appears a clear impression that you are not in the center of a large metropolis, but at sea, in a forest or in a quiet village. Nothing can be compared with such feelings. Our life is full of tastes and WordPress embodied them in its new delicious templates for your site. Themes in this collection suit every taste. They are bright and restrained, mild and spicy, sweet and savory, hot and refreshing but all mouthwatering and extremely attractive. Likewise, they are incredibly easy and convenient to work with. All you need to start is just to download the most suitable theme and install it on your computer. You also can change ready templates, customize and adjust to your needs. So it can be altered beyond recognition. All of them are made by professional designers and perfected for your comfort. You no longer need to pay many times more and order a custom design template. Ready-made themes are 10 times less expensive and 100 times more effective. Therefore, all that you need is to calm down and relax with WordPress. Here are 20 best and most delicious templates that will bring your clients to a magical world of dreams and fantastic taste sensations. Cozy cafe that inspires! Mild colors and bright pictures will transfer a fun and friendly atmosphere of your cafe. Give your clients a large portion of pleasure with this mouthwatering theme! This new theme for a Mexican restaurant with the help of bright and warm colors conveys the mood of hot and passionate country. Cooking with love can affect the quality of the dishes. This theme is made with care and love. Sweetness like in paradise, tenderness as on a soft cloud, delicious savor like at grandma`s. That is what every visitor will feel entering your site. Because Inside all of us is a kid who wants a cake. This theme is decorated simply and tastefully. It is easy to navigate and well structured. Furthermore, juicy pictures of ready dishes arouse ravenous appetite. Waiting for guests every day! This new template is welcoming and calm. It creates a tranquil and unobtrusive atmosphere and evokes pleasant memories. This theme is a perfect solution for big restaurant advertising. Make your clients feel like a diamond in a golden frame. Light the fire in your chest! Make a real trip to Mexico, a country of spicy cuisine and sharp impressions with new WordPress theme. Fresh seafood, such as oysters, shrimps, crabs and lobsters is the best food, especially if it is served with mango, spicy chili and ginger, or sweet and sour sauce and accompanied by a chilled glass of pinot gris. Isn`t that delicious! And all these you can see on this amazing theme. One famous English saying goes «We are what we eat», and it is true. Choose only the best. Best cuisine, great service and good vine are everything that you need to feel the spirit and taste of Italy. And all that is on this exquisite template. It is passion! It is food! Feel the melody of hot pepper cuisine straight from the Mexican kitchen. Bright decor in red, white and black will be the best way to show the temper of this hot country. There is a simple way to get to a parallel world! Just visit the website and you will get straight there – into the new world of refinement and elegance. No matter where you work. Matter where you rest. This new template will introduce your restaurant as a real opportunity to spend time with pleasure together with friends, relatives or sweethearts. Sit around the table and passionately defend your Mexican heritage. Even if you don`t have one. Individuality is in your dishes and those sitting before them. This new template will make your site unique and attractive transmitting the sophistication of forms and refinement of tastes through the colors and shapes. There are lots of fresh fish food-lovers. WordPress created a supersea template for a seafood restaurant. If it swims, we have it! Sea food and the best view. Nothing more. This theme is a real godsend for young, energetic people that are not afraid of getting burned from the hot Mexican dishes. If your cafe is a real place for a tasty snack and a warm meeting – this new template is for you! On entering your website, anyone will be able to feel the spicy aroma of freshly brewed coffee and home coziness. If your clients want to study Japanese culture, cuisine is the best way to start! The rising sun shines for everyone! Let it shine on your site too with this new bright template. Feel the sea breeze. Hear the splashes of waves. And gulls are crying above your head. This new theme will create a real seascape on your site. This theme is for those who love to stretch delight. And the hunger will have no chance. </s>" <s> All of us love to do it! We do it in the day and at the night, anytime and anywhere. Yes, now you’re thinking exactly about it – about the most valuable and lovely occupation in our lives – EATING. We all like to eat something delicious at home, sit and enjoy our meals in a cafe or go for a dinner to our friends`. It is not about plump people and real food-fans, but about each of us. When you work all the day and you know that tomorrow you will work as well, what else can change your ideas and make them work in another plane, if not a yummy? As soon as your battery is running low, adenosine reduces the functioning of the brain. And there are only two ways to restore your energy, they are rest and FOOD (well, or some secret weapon). However, this occupation is not only necessary, but also incredibly enjoyable. Inside each of us lives a real gourmet, who is familiar with the feelings arising after a piece of something soft and tasty melt in ones mouth. Many people feel happier in such moments. The time slows down. Just try to sit into a chair or on a cushion and close your eyes. At a certain point appears a clear impression that you are not in the center of a large metropolis, but at sea, in a forest or in a quiet village. Nothing can be compared with such feelings. Our life is full of tastes and WordPress embodied them in its new delicious templates for your site. Themes in this collection suit every taste. They are bright and restrained, mild and spicy, sweet and savory, hot and refreshing but all mouthwatering and extremely attractive. Likewise, they are incredibly easy and convenient to work with. All you need to start is just to download the most suitable theme and install it on your computer. You also can change ready templates, customize and adjust to your needs. So it can be altered beyond recognition. All of them are made by professional designers and perfected for your comfort. You no longer need to pay many times more and order a custom design template. Ready-made themes are 10 times less expensive and 100 times more effective. Therefore, all that you need is to calm down and relax with WordPress. Here are 20 best and most delicious templates that will bring your clients to a magical world of dreams and fantastic taste sensations. Cozy cafe that inspires! Mild colors and bright pictures will transfer a fun and friendly atmosphere of your cafe. Give your clients a large portion of pleasure with this mouthwatering theme! This new theme for a Mexican restaurant with the help of bright and warm colors conveys the mood of hot and passionate country. Cooking with love can affect the quality of the dishes. This theme is made with care and love. Sweetness like in paradise, tenderness as on a soft cloud, delicious savor like at grandma`s. That is what every visitor will feel entering your site. Because Inside all of us is a kid who wants a cake. This theme is decorated simply and tastefully. It is easy to navigate and well structured. Furthermore, juicy pictures of ready dishes arouse ravenous appetite. Waiting for guests every day! This new template is welcoming and calm. It creates a tranquil and unobtrusive atmosphere and evokes pleasant memories. This theme is a perfect solution for big restaurant advertising. Make your clients feel like a diamond in a golden frame. Light the fire in your chest! Make a real trip to Mexico, a country of spicy cuisine and sharp impressions with new WordPress theme. Fresh seafood, such as oysters, shrimps, crabs and lobsters is the best food, especially if it is served with mango, spicy chili and ginger, or sweet and sour sauce and accompanied by a chilled glass of pinot gris. Isn`t that delicious! And all these you can see on this amazing theme. One famous English saying goes «We are what we eat», and it is true. Choose only the best. Best cuisine, great service and good vine are everything that you need to feel the spirit and taste of Italy. And all that is on this exquisite template. It is passion! It is food! Feel the melody of hot pepper cuisine straight from the Mexican kitchen. Bright decor in red, white and black will be the best way to show the temper of this hot country. There is a simple way to get to a parallel world! Just visit the website and you will get straight there – into the new world of refinement and elegance. No matter where you work. Matter where you rest. This new template will introduce your restaurant as a real opportunity to spend time with pleasure together with friends, relatives or sweethearts. Sit around the table and passionately defend your Mexican heritage. Even if you don`t have one. Individuality is in your dishes and those sitting before them. This new template will make your site unique and attractive transmitting the sophistication of forms and refinement of tastes through the colors and shapes. There are lots of fresh fish food-lovers. WordPress created a supersea template for a seafood restaurant. If it swims, we have it! Sea food and the best view. Nothing more. This theme is a real godsend for young, energetic people that are not afraid of getting burned from the hot Mexican dishes. If your cafe is a real place for a tasty snack and a warm meeting – this new template is for you! On entering your website, anyone will be able to feel the spicy aroma of freshly brewed coffee and home coziness. If your clients want to study Japanese culture, cuisine is the best way to start! The rising sun shines for everyone! Let it shine on your site too with this new bright template. Feel the sea breeze. Hear the splashes of waves. And gulls are crying above your head. This new theme will create a real seascape on your site. This theme is for those who love to stretch delight. And the hunger will have no chance. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Order - GBR Construction Group, L.L.C. || DallasFort Worth Roofing Company - Physically Strong, Spiritually Solid. Fill out this form to order materials for the roof. GBR Construction Group, LLC | Physically Strong, Spiritually Solid. </s>" <s> Order - GBR Construction Group, L.L.C. || DallasFort Worth Roofing Company - Physically Strong, Spiritually Solid. Fill out this form to order materials for the roof. GBR Construction Group, LLC | Physically Strong, Spiritually Solid. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Jlc Food Market is located at the address 2303 Pitkin Ave in Brooklyn, New York 11207. They can be contacted via phone at (347) 240-2505 for pricing, hours and directions. For maps and directions to Jlc Food Market view the map to the right. For reviews of Jlc Food Market see below. </s>" <s> Jlc Food Market is located at the address 2303 Pitkin Ave in Brooklyn, New York 11207. They can be contacted via phone at (347) 240-2505 for pricing, hours and directions. For maps and directions to Jlc Food Market view the map to the right. For reviews of Jlc Food Market see below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Introducing a new device into your ambulatory care practice is never easy. With concerns over clinical opt-outs, manual workarounds and data security, executives can find themselves wondering: Will we be able to leverage this IT investment? Lari Rutherford is Senior Manager of Connectivity at Welch Allyn, a leading provider of diagnostic cardiology equipment. Rutherford believes integrating a medical device into the EMR requires a thoughtful, longitudinal strategy to achieve success from both clinical and financial outcomes perspectives. A good place to start EMR integration is with devices like ECGs. They are frequently used in patient encounters, and since they require a fair amount of manual entry if they aren’t connected to the EMR, physicians frequently request this integration. Such a strategy requires incorporating four major considerations that CIOs and IT directors of ambulatory care should review when integrating a medical device into the EMR. Information technology will always be a huge influencer whenever a new device is integrated into the system. Understandably, everything — from the types of interfaces it is implementing to user end-results — will be based on the department’s background and what has proved easiest to manage from an IT perspective. But often, clinical relevance is pushed to the side with real consequences upon go-live. Rutherford urges organizations to consult with clinicians before making device purchasing decisions. Understand their workflows and be clear on who is using the device and how. Make sure the way the device integrates into the EMR reduces the number of steps a provider must take to perform the test or use the device. “When clinical is a true stakeholder in defining how they expect to interact with their EMR and new device, the collaboration among IT, vendor and provider always leads to a better outcome,” she pointed out. Along the way, IT can evaluate areas where it needs to improve clinical workflow while providers strengthen their engagement with the process since they’ve been collaborating together from the start. And with frequently used devices like ECGs, the workflow improvements can add up to make a significant impact practice-wide. When integrating a medical device into the EMR, aim for the best-case scenario: a technical workflow that provides a reliable clinical experience. But what happens when your EMR is down, or data isn’t flowing properly between device and system? What is your backup plan? What support can they offer during implementation to drive the process forward? When testing workflows, will they leverage their background with other clients to guide you through the learning curve? Will your vendor support you with challenges after go-live? Or will your IT team be left to figure out alternatives during a software update or an EMR downtime? In the end, organizations should consider the total cost of ownership. The investment in a new device is more than just its upfront cost. Understand how a potential vendor’s resources and expertise can add value to both product and process. No one wants to make front-page news with a data breach. Security should be a key consideration anytime you’re transferring data or adding a device to a network. “But you shouldn’t have ad-hoc security for these devices,” Rutherford argued. Check with your device manufacturer to see how the controls and encryption methods in place will align with your policies. Another strategic way to maintain control over device access and data interaction is through user and role authentication. With user authentication, you’ll help ensure that users are trained to safely use that network and access patient information. With role authentication, organizations can go a step further and specify the different functions or segments of a network that are accessible based on user-role. Often, Rutherford pointed out, your vendor can transfer existing authorizations into that new device, thereby decreasing the effort your IT team will go through to manually recreate those roles. Lastly, how will your organization future-proof your new device? As Rutherford observed, “More and more organizations are combining and consolidating their practices, often changing their EMR vendor in the process.” Will that new device be plug-and-play in a different system, three years down the road? Make sure your devices are flexible enough to communicate with multiple types of systems so you’re not reinvesting in equipment every time the system changes. Again, Rutherford urged, look to vendor support to help you succeed with future changes. The right vendor will help you understand your options and support you along the way. While making the decision to integrate a medical device into the EMR is never easy, the process can be optimized through collaboration and strategic planning. With a strong IT, clinical and vendor team in place, your practice can be on the right path toward achieving successful clinical and financial outcomes. </s>" <s> Introducing a new device into your ambulatory care practice is never easy. With concerns over clinical opt-outs, manual workarounds and data security, executives can find themselves wondering: Will we be able to leverage this IT investment? Lari Rutherford is Senior Manager of Connectivity at Welch Allyn, a leading provider of diagnostic cardiology equipment. Rutherford believes integrating a medical device into the EMR requires a thoughtful, longitudinal strategy to achieve success from both clinical and financial outcomes perspectives. A good place to start EMR integration is with devices like ECGs. They are frequently used in patient encounters, and since they require a fair amount of manual entry if they aren’t connected to the EMR, physicians frequently request this integration. Such a strategy requires incorporating four major considerations that CIOs and IT directors of ambulatory care should review when integrating a medical device into the EMR. Information technology will always be a huge influencer whenever a new device is integrated into the system. Understandably, everything — from the types of interfaces it is implementing to user end-results — will be based on the department’s background and what has proved easiest to manage from an IT perspective. But often, clinical relevance is pushed to the side with real consequences upon go-live. Rutherford urges organizations to consult with clinicians before making device purchasing decisions. Understand their workflows and be clear on who is using the device and how. Make sure the way the device integrates into the EMR reduces the number of steps a provider must take to perform the test or use the device. “When clinical is a true stakeholder in defining how they expect to interact with their EMR and new device, the collaboration among IT, vendor and provider always leads to a better outcome,” she pointed out. Along the way, IT can evaluate areas where it needs to improve clinical workflow while providers strengthen their engagement with the process since they’ve been collaborating together from the start. And with frequently used devices like ECGs, the workflow improvements can add up to make a significant impact practice-wide. When integrating a medical device into the EMR, aim for the best-case scenario: a technical workflow that provides a reliable clinical experience. But what happens when your EMR is down, or data isn’t flowing properly between device and system? What is your backup plan? What support can they offer during implementation to drive the process forward? When testing workflows, will they leverage their background with other clients to guide you through the learning curve? Will your vendor support you with challenges after go-live? Or will your IT team be left to figure out alternatives during a software update or an EMR downtime? In the end, organizations should consider the total cost of ownership. The investment in a new device is more than just its upfront cost. Understand how a potential vendor’s resources and expertise can add value to both product and process. No one wants to make front-page news with a data breach. Security should be a key consideration anytime you’re transferring data or adding a device to a network. “But you shouldn’t have ad-hoc security for these devices,” Rutherford argued. Check with your device manufacturer to see how the controls and encryption methods in place will align with your policies. Another strategic way to maintain control over device access and data interaction is through user and role authentication. With user authentication, you’ll help ensure that users are trained to safely use that network and access patient information. With role authentication, organizations can go a step further and specify the different functions or segments of a network that are accessible based on user-role. Often, Rutherford pointed out, your vendor can transfer existing authorizations into that new device, thereby decreasing the effort your IT team will go through to manually recreate those roles. Lastly, how will your organization future-proof your new device? As Rutherford observed, “More and more organizations are combining and consolidating their practices, often changing their EMR vendor in the process.” Will that new device be plug-and-play in a different system, three years down the road? Make sure your devices are flexible enough to communicate with multiple types of systems so you’re not reinvesting in equipment every time the system changes. Again, Rutherford urged, look to vendor support to help you succeed with future changes. The right vendor will help you understand your options and support you along the way. While making the decision to integrate a medical device into the EMR is never easy, the process can be optimized through collaboration and strategic planning. With a strong IT, clinical and vendor team in place, your practice can be on the right path toward achieving successful clinical and financial outcomes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Sean McCabe writes over a million words a year. He is the author of Overlap: The ultimate guide to turning your side passion into a successful business. He's helped tens of thousands of students with his courses on copywriting, client work, pricing, and marketing. On a daily basis, he runs seanwes: a learning community for entrepreneurs looking to do fulfilling work. Sean McCabe has been a guest on 1 episode. </s>" <s> Sean McCabe writes over a million words a year. He is the author of Overlap: The ultimate guide to turning your side passion into a successful business. He's helped tens of thousands of students with his courses on copywriting, client work, pricing, and marketing. On a daily basis, he runs seanwes: a learning community for entrepreneurs looking to do fulfilling work. Sean McCabe has been a guest on 1 episode. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> What attracted me was the excellent portfolio of clients – we work with a lot of big companies on a huge variety of games. It was clear that this fact would give me a chance to gain a lot of interesting experience. Apart from a long list of clients, an excellent international team who bring a variety of experience along that can be shared and gained. There are actually two favorite projects that I would like to mention. One of my favorite projects at Virtuos is Generator Rex: Agent of Providence. We had a huge team at Virtuos working on a this game, to produce it for all major consoles. I got to work with a team that had people from different corners of the world. I was assigned to help programmer and artist to achieve realistic lighting bridging Maya and Our in-house game engine. At a later stage in the project, I was also responsible for creating some cool combat VFX. And the other is QA Tool for Quality Control. This is an in-house tool developed to check and control the quality of work that goes out of the company. This tool can be used by the artist in the software they use and check the quality of the work. This is also used by the producers to keep a check on what should be sent to the client and needs more work. Do you need to know Chinese to work here? No. Our artists can understand English and Producers are always available to help out if needed. But Chinese does help when outside the office, when shopping, eating at restaurants, taking taxis, etc. As a Technical Artist, I get to work on more than 10 big games a year. I get to work on lot of projects at the same time. In the morning I might be helping Team A understand a new editor tool, and in the evening I could be supporting Team B by explaining the pipeline for the project. Whats it like living in Shanghai? Living in Shanghai is like an adventure. Shanghai is a great city, good people, delicious food and lots of fun. There are a lot of interesting places to explore and enjoy. This is becoming my favorite place to live. I play a lot of games especially FPS and I have many favorites like, Prince of Persia series (all the way back to the DOS game), Call of Duty (2, 4, MW2, MW3), Anno, Max Payne, Darksiders, and Gears of War. </s>" <s> What attracted me was the excellent portfolio of clients – we work with a lot of big companies on a huge variety of games. It was clear that this fact would give me a chance to gain a lot of interesting experience. Apart from a long list of clients, an excellent international team who bring a variety of experience along that can be shared and gained. There are actually two favorite projects that I would like to mention. One of my favorite projects at Virtuos is Generator Rex: Agent of Providence. We had a huge team at Virtuos working on a this game, to produce it for all major consoles. I got to work with a team that had people from different corners of the world. I was assigned to help programmer and artist to achieve realistic lighting bridging Maya and Our in-house game engine. At a later stage in the project, I was also responsible for creating some cool combat VFX. And the other is QA Tool for Quality Control. This is an in-house tool developed to check and control the quality of work that goes out of the company. This tool can be used by the artist in the software they use and check the quality of the work. This is also used by the producers to keep a check on what should be sent to the client and needs more work. Do you need to know Chinese to work here? No. Our artists can understand English and Producers are always available to help out if needed. But Chinese does help when outside the office, when shopping, eating at restaurants, taking taxis, etc. As a Technical Artist, I get to work on more than 10 big games a year. I get to work on lot of projects at the same time. In the morning I might be helping Team A understand a new editor tool, and in the evening I could be supporting Team B by explaining the pipeline for the project. Whats it like living in Shanghai? Living in Shanghai is like an adventure. Shanghai is a great city, good people, delicious food and lots of fun. There are a lot of interesting places to explore and enjoy. This is becoming my favorite place to live. I play a lot of games especially FPS and I have many favorites like, Prince of Persia series (all the way back to the DOS game), Call of Duty (2, 4, MW2, MW3), Anno, Max Payne, Darksiders, and Gears of War. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> I'm using Extjs in a user control in ASP.NET so i cannot use ViewPort. Can I replace the viewport in your example http://docs.sencha.com/ext-js/4-0/#!/guide/mvc_pt3 by an Ext.panel.panel? Can I use Controls:, Models in Panel like in Viewport? A Viewport is not a requirement when designing an ExtJS application. You can use any container you like. The only reason a Viewport is used so heavily is that it automatically fills your browsers content area, so that you don't have to write manual resizing logic. And if you know in the sqme example, what does it means 'scope: this' ?? </s>" <s> I'm using Extjs in a user control in ASP.NET so i cannot use ViewPort. Can I replace the viewport in your example http://docs.sencha.com/ext-js/4-0/#!/guide/mvc_pt3 by an Ext.panel.panel? Can I use Controls:, Models in Panel like in Viewport? A Viewport is not a requirement when designing an ExtJS application. You can use any container you like. The only reason a Viewport is used so heavily is that it automatically fills your browsers content area, so that you don't have to write manual resizing logic. And if you know in the sqme example, what does it means 'scope: this' ?? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Apart from being an excellent choice as a sustainable as well as a lean energy resource, wind power also comes with a distinct cost advantage. The cost of electricity is forever rising. The monthly bills of the average householder are on the rise too. Wind power comes as a veritable godsend under such circumstances. It can easily meet all your energy requirements at a fraction of the usual cost. In fact, wind power is the least expensive source of renewable energy. After the initial setup costs, electricity produced by wind power can be enjoyed virtually free. Depending on the size and capacity of a wind power system, one can cut monthly electricity bills by as much as 90%! Today, commercially produced wind power electricity would cost as low as 5 cents for every Kilo Watt Hour (kWh), which is almost at par with new coal. Moreover, wind power systems are almost maintenance-free. This allows for even further savings. A wind power system provides a sustainable source of income for local farmers. It can also generate new job opportunities in a locality. The local economy can benefit from wind power. In fact, it can help boost the economy of a region substantially and also has a beneficial impact on the nation’s economy. It helps a nation’s independent growth, lessens the dependence on other nations for her power supply and ultimately contributes to national economic prosperity. Wind power also makes significant contribution to improving the local infrastructure such as roads, transportation and power. Wind power is a true ‘green’ energy source and is one of the cleanest sources of power known to man. By and large, it is mostly affordable. Due to its generally inexpensive nature, it can be widely afforded by a large cross section of the society. Eco-tourism is promoted and encouraged by wind power. Wind power systems usually feature a scalable model. In other words, it supports modular increments, requires a small footprint in its initial stages and can also be decommissioned quickly. Wind power helps preserve the natural resources of the planet, curb their destruction and also preserves the rural landscape. In spite of the many wind power advantages, we are yet to embrace the technology with full enthusiasm. It is very unfortunate indeed that the vast potential of wind power remains largely untapped with less than 1% of the worldwide energy being produced by the wind. However, as technology continues to improve and people are made increasingly aware of its many benefits, wind power usage will continue to grow. Some countries like <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = ""urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags"" />Denmark have already started using wind power on a very large scale. To enjoy the many benefits and advantages of wind power, all one has to do is set up a wind power system for himself. However, this might be a difficult proposition for those who are new to the technology or have no prior experience. Therefore, a good instructional guide is strongly recommended. By following step-by-step instructions, even the most inexperienced layman can set up a fully functional wind power system and start enjoying its many benefits. </s>" <s> Apart from being an excellent choice as a sustainable as well as a lean energy resource, wind power also comes with a distinct cost advantage. The cost of electricity is forever rising. The monthly bills of the average householder are on the rise too. Wind power comes as a veritable godsend under such circumstances. It can easily meet all your energy requirements at a fraction of the usual cost. In fact, wind power is the least expensive source of renewable energy. After the initial setup costs, electricity produced by wind power can be enjoyed virtually free. Depending on the size and capacity of a wind power system, one can cut monthly electricity bills by as much as 90%! Today, commercially produced wind power electricity would cost as low as 5 cents for every Kilo Watt Hour (kWh), which is almost at par with new coal. Moreover, wind power systems are almost maintenance-free. This allows for even further savings. A wind power system provides a sustainable source of income for local farmers. It can also generate new job opportunities in a locality. The local economy can benefit from wind power. In fact, it can help boost the economy of a region substantially and also has a beneficial impact on the nation’s economy. It helps a nation’s independent growth, lessens the dependence on other nations for her power supply and ultimately contributes to national economic prosperity. Wind power also makes significant contribution to improving the local infrastructure such as roads, transportation and power. Wind power is a true ‘green’ energy source and is one of the cleanest sources of power known to man. By and large, it is mostly affordable. Due to its generally inexpensive nature, it can be widely afforded by a large cross section of the society. Eco-tourism is promoted and encouraged by wind power. Wind power systems usually feature a scalable model. In other words, it supports modular increments, requires a small footprint in its initial stages and can also be decommissioned quickly. Wind power helps preserve the natural resources of the planet, curb their destruction and also preserves the rural landscape. In spite of the many wind power advantages, we are yet to embrace the technology with full enthusiasm. It is very unfortunate indeed that the vast potential of wind power remains largely untapped with less than 1% of the worldwide energy being produced by the wind. However, as technology continues to improve and people are made increasingly aware of its many benefits, wind power usage will continue to grow. Some countries like <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = """urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags""" />Denmark have already started using wind power on a very large scale. To enjoy the many benefits and advantages of wind power, all one has to do is set up a wind power system for himself. However, this might be a difficult proposition for those who are new to the technology or have no prior experience. Therefore, a good instructional guide is strongly recommended. By following step-by-step instructions, even the most inexperienced layman can set up a fully functional wind power system and start enjoying its many benefits. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> What I’m Hearing: USA TODAY Sports’ Nancy Armour was on hand for Roger Goodell’s state of the NFL address at Super Bowl LIII and breaks down the vibe around Atlanta following the commissioner’s comments. 1. Patriots QB Tom Brady: Like you didn’t know. But I wasn’t going to list the only man with four Super Bowl MVP awards and a litany of Super Sunday records anywhere else. Has age “taken a toll” on TB12? Sure, he’s 41. But even if he’s shown signs of slippage, and the Pats didn’t really hit high gear until their run game took off in December, we all know who’s at the controls ... and who led New England on its most crucial drive of the season so far — in overtime of the AFC Championship Game. </s>" <s> What I’m Hearing: USA TODAY Sports’ Nancy Armour was on hand for Roger Goodell’s state of the NFL address at Super Bowl LIII and breaks down the vibe around Atlanta following the commissioner’s comments. 1. Patriots QB Tom Brady: Like you didn’t know. But I wasn’t going to list the only man with four Super Bowl MVP awards and a litany of Super Sunday records anywhere else. Has age “taken a toll” on TB12? Sure, he’s 41. But even if he’s shown signs of slippage, and the Pats didn’t really hit high gear until their run game took off in December, we all know who’s at the controls ... and who led New England on its most crucial drive of the season so far — in overtime of the AFC Championship Game. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Allan Horsley is a Professional Engineer, a Fellow of the Institution of Engineers and has some 45 years of experience in the Australian telecommunications industry. He has been responsible for designing, building and operating substantial communications networks, with the State Electricity Commission of Victoria in the 70's and 80's, and as Managing Director with Vistel Ltd the Victorian Governments' telecommunications provider in the 80's and 90's. He has led the Australian Telecommunications User Group in the 90's and was a Member and acting Deputy Chair of the Australian Communications Authority, (ACA) during the period 2001 to 2005. In recent years he has acted as an advisor to both the Australian Communications and Media Authority, (ACMA) and the Department of Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, (DCITA) on telephony services and facilities for Indigenous communities. He has provided Telecommunications Regulatory training programs to Governments and Regulators in APEC Economies and to the South Pacific Forum telecommunications Regulators. </s>" <s> Allan Horsley is a Professional Engineer, a Fellow of the Institution of Engineers and has some 45 years of experience in the Australian telecommunications industry. He has been responsible for designing, building and operating substantial communications networks, with the State Electricity Commission of Victoria in the 70's and 80's, and as Managing Director with Vistel Ltd the Victorian Governments' telecommunications provider in the 80's and 90's. He has led the Australian Telecommunications User Group in the 90's and was a Member and acting Deputy Chair of the Australian Communications Authority, (ACA) during the period 2001 to 2005. In recent years he has acted as an advisor to both the Australian Communications and Media Authority, (ACMA) and the Department of Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, (DCITA) on telephony services and facilities for Indigenous communities. He has provided Telecommunications Regulatory training programs to Governments and Regulators in APEC Economies and to the South Pacific Forum telecommunications Regulators. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> This project is a rewrite of the EAB Review site. Task Area M is capable of handling multiple studies, with each study getting its own compartmentalized workspace. Projects can be linked across studies so that team members from both studies can track progress/documents. The site is designed to give principal investigators and external collaborators a powerful tool for collecting project overviews and statuses. There is a separate presentation mode that gives a Powerpoint-style overview of active projects as well as a meeting mode, which goes further by providing on-the-fly adjustments to projects and is intended for use in more intimate settings. </s>" <s> This project is a rewrite of the EAB Review site. Task Area M is capable of handling multiple studies, with each study getting its own compartmentalized workspace. Projects can be linked across studies so that team members from both studies can track progress/documents. The site is designed to give principal investigators and external collaborators a powerful tool for collecting project overviews and statuses. There is a separate presentation mode that gives a Powerpoint-style overview of active projects as well as a meeting mode, which goes further by providing on-the-fly adjustments to projects and is intended for use in more intimate settings. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> This Saturday Annika and I met our friend Elisabet, who never says no when it comes to being outdoors. Even if we used a car to reach all those nice places round Umeå we indeed were outdoors most of the time. Elisabet had asked us what we wanted to do this day beside of bathing. Hiking, sleeping, barbecuing? The sea, forest, mountain ...? I mentioned that it wouldn’t be too easy to find mountains round Umeå, but Elisabet knows many nice places and so she suggested to go up the mountain Tavelsjöberget. Since the top is just 284 metres above sea level, it’s not the longest hike up. There’s a 5 km trail leading through wetlands (according to the sign rubber boots are recommended) but the shortest way up is just 700 meters long. That’s the way we took. After the short but steep and rocky way up we reached the top. Here we took a break and enjoyed the view over the lake Tavelsjön and the landscape around. Elisabet told us about some caves nearby and we already saw the waymarks leading down. There at the western side the mountain is very steep and rocky. We found all of the four caves but entered only one, since the others were only reachable by crawling. We took a shortcut along a narrow path until we came to the very same trail that we took uphills. Soon we were back at the car and quite eager to enjoy some ice cream and take a bath. ... and so we did! First we bought ice cream and something to drink at the kiosk and then we took a refreshing bath. Water temperature: 19 °C, air temperature: round 22 °C. Just perfect, if you ask me. After a bath (Elisabet took two) and an ice cream (Annika and I took two) we started to plan the rest of the day. Barbecue: yes! By the water: definitely! But where? And where to get food? Luckily there was a food store in Hissjö quite nearby. There we purchased food, something to drink and Elisabet asked for some plastic knifes and a fork, which we got. Then we headed to Bäcksjön, a beautiful lake in the forest. There’s a grilling place at the southern tip of the Lake. Seven other cars parked on the same parking place so we knew we wouldn’t be alone. Elisabet is quite independent when it comes to barbecuing. While I always have a tripod and rubber boots in the car for photographing, Elisabet uses to have a grill and charcoal with her. Soon our sausages, bread, halloumi cheese, asparagus and tomatoes lay on her grill getting barbecued and beside of some asparagus we ate it all. And it tasted so good! After our meal Elisabet and I took another bath. We weren’t successful when it came to swimming because the lake is quite shallow and you have to go a long while until you can start to swim. We were so lucky: Good food, great company, a beautiful lake, warm summer weather with a slight breeze and – not to be underestimated: hardly any mosquitoes! Summer in Northern Sweden! It’s hardly imaginable that people skated on the ice of the Tavelsjö only two months ago. </s>" <s> This Saturday Annika and I met our friend Elisabet, who never says no when it comes to being outdoors. Even if we used a car to reach all those nice places round Umeå we indeed were outdoors most of the time. Elisabet had asked us what we wanted to do this day beside of bathing. Hiking, sleeping, barbecuing? The sea, forest, mountain ...? I mentioned that it wouldn’t be too easy to find mountains round Umeå, but Elisabet knows many nice places and so she suggested to go up the mountain Tavelsjöberget. Since the top is just 284 metres above sea level, it’s not the longest hike up. There’s a 5 km trail leading through wetlands (according to the sign rubber boots are recommended) but the shortest way up is just 700 meters long. That’s the way we took. After the short but steep and rocky way up we reached the top. Here we took a break and enjoyed the view over the lake Tavelsjön and the landscape around. Elisabet told us about some caves nearby and we already saw the waymarks leading down. There at the western side the mountain is very steep and rocky. We found all of the four caves but entered only one, since the others were only reachable by crawling. We took a shortcut along a narrow path until we came to the very same trail that we took uphills. Soon we were back at the car and quite eager to enjoy some ice cream and take a bath. ... and so we did! First we bought ice cream and something to drink at the kiosk and then we took a refreshing bath. Water temperature: 19 °C, air temperature: round 22 °C. Just perfect, if you ask me. After a bath (Elisabet took two) and an ice cream (Annika and I took two) we started to plan the rest of the day. Barbecue: yes! By the water: definitely! But where? And where to get food? Luckily there was a food store in Hissjö quite nearby. There we purchased food, something to drink and Elisabet asked for some plastic knifes and a fork, which we got. Then we headed to Bäcksjön, a beautiful lake in the forest. There’s a grilling place at the southern tip of the Lake. Seven other cars parked on the same parking place so we knew we wouldn’t be alone. Elisabet is quite independent when it comes to barbecuing. While I always have a tripod and rubber boots in the car for photographing, Elisabet uses to have a grill and charcoal with her. Soon our sausages, bread, halloumi cheese, asparagus and tomatoes lay on her grill getting barbecued and beside of some asparagus we ate it all. And it tasted so good! After our meal Elisabet and I took another bath. We weren’t successful when it came to swimming because the lake is quite shallow and you have to go a long while until you can start to swim. We were so lucky: Good food, great company, a beautiful lake, warm summer weather with a slight breeze and – not to be underestimated: hardly any mosquitoes! Summer in Northern Sweden! It’s hardly imaginable that people skated on the ice of the Tavelsjö only two months ago. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> It will include DLC If you have it. After the cutscene, walk for a bit towards the right and then crouch jump towards a tree and take the bug on it. After that run past the old man and grab the Axe on the tree stump. Grab the Hyrule Herb next to a tree running towards the Tower and around 5-6 arrows in front of the Bokoblin Archers. Attack the Bokoblin whilst sprinting, and as soon as the axe hits the bokoblin's shield, jump to cancel the attack animation. Then, while in the in air jumping, press A to pick up the shield. Run into the Tower, Activate Terminal, skip Tower Cutscene. Run to Bomb Shrine. The Reason you do Bombs first in Amiiboless is because it saves in-game time, which is very important later in the run. After Bombs, teleport to the Tower do the fall Damage trick again. Run to Magnesis. Immediately after you’re going to Tree Ride to the Paraglider cutscene, get the Paraglider. Go into the Dining Hall and grab the Royal Bow atop the chandelier. Run to right and pick up a Banana next to some Moblins and Magnesis the Royal Guard’s Spear in the fireplace. Quickly run left out the door and through the hallway on the right, continue to the end of the hallway and blow up the 2 walls, once blown up get the Royal Guard’s Sword in the upper left area. Get the Royal Guard’s Bow next to the Moblin and then get the Royal Claymore and Moblin Guts off the floor. Above you should be boxes, smash these boxes as they drop arrows needed for the Blight fights coming up. Climb back up to the higher level using the post next to you, then Whistle Sprint back down the hallway. If you got lucky and got shock arrows, shock the Lizafols and take its Tri-Boomerang + Shield. If you didn’t get shock arrows then whistle, throw a bomb and wait till the Lizafols starts kicking it around, then Sneak Attack with Royal Claymore. Run back down the Hallway and into the Dining Hall again, slow walk/crouch to the right and pick up a Razzorshroom, then crouch-jump to the Moblins and throw a bomb at them so they could kick it around, then once again use the Royal Claymore to Sneak Attack kill both of them. Optionally you could pick up the Raw Gourmet Meat for healing. Now going down left you go back into the Outside area and use the Window on the left and carefully climb up it holding ZL. Now climb up to the top, once on the top walk to the right until your stamina regenerates and then climb up the walls on the left. Run to the little Chamber area on the left for a chest with 5x bomb arrows. Go back outside from the chamber and use the Guardian’s laser to create an updraft to an upper area. Then make a slight left again and use the Guardian next to you to create another updraft to the Sanctum, if you’re too late to create another updraft just use the wall in front of you to climb. Windblight - Starting off with Windblight you’re going to climb the wall right behind you until Windblight teleports away then spawns back, drink the Mighty Elixir once Windblight starts his gun- attack, jump off the wall and fly to him using the Paraglider. Hit him with the Royal Guard’s Sword until he topples. Switch to the Royal Claymore, hit him 3 times with a spin attack then smash it into the ground. To enter 2nd phase shoot him once with the Royal Guard’s Bow immediately after he gets back up. In 2nd phase get 3 headshots as soon as you can so he can topple from the air, switch to the Royal Guard’s Spear and stab him 4 times, hold Y until you hear 2 charge sounds and let go, for this is finish off Windblight you have to be a certain distance away from him. Waterblight - Now onto Waterblight, first off use the durability left on the spear and let it break on Waterblight now switch to the Stone Smasher. Once he starts an attack run onto the TriForce design piece on the floor to the left, place yourself around the bottom left of it and start a spin attack, this will allow you get double hits thus equaling more damage. When your almost out of Stamina end the spin attack and let the last attack smash him. If he won’t get into 2nd phase just hit him a few more times and he should go into 2nd phase. Now in 2nd phase Windblight can ethier spawn in the middle, the left side or the right side. Which side he does spawn on doesn’t really matter. Just shoot him twice with headshots until he topples from the air, then spin attack him with the Stone Smasher. Repeat this until he is dead. Fireblight - Fireblight’s 1st phase can be a little tricky. Run to him at the VERY start so he doesn’t insta kill you, Spin Attack with the Stone Smasher for only 3 hits then smash it into the ground so he gets stunned. Immediately after repeat the Spin Attack and he should topple. Then switch to the Royal Guard’s Sword and hit him until it breaks and 2nd phase starts. In 2nd phase switch to the Royal Claymore and then place a Bomb where Fireblight spawns, forcing him to topple on the floor. Spin attack him until you’re almost out of Stamina. Repeat the Spin Attacks until he is dead. Thunderblight - In 1st Phase Thunderblight you’re going to hope for him to start off by going into the air and throwing lightning balls at you, once this happens switch to the Lizal Tri-Boomerang and throw it at his shield, immediately after shoot him with a headshot. Pick back up the Boomerang and hit Thunderblight with it until he gets back up, then hit him again with a headshot. Once again hit him with the Boomerang until his Shield breaks, then Switch to the Royal Claymore and spin attack him into 2nd phase. In 2nd Phase he’ll spawn down lightning rods, as soon as his lightning starts throw the Boomerang at his shield again, then shoot him with a headshot. Once he topples get the Boomerang and start hitting him again, If his shield breaks switch to the Royal Claymore and that should finish him off. If he goes back into the air just headshot him again and finish him off with the Royal Claymore. Calamity Ganon - Start off by going to the left and bullet timing Calamity Ganon’s sword attack with the Lizal Tri-Boomerang, immediately after start running down left and get a Royal Broadsword and 10x Bomb Arrows, Shoot Bomb Arrows and get headshots at Calamity while going left to get another Royal Claymore. If Calamity gives you Lasers just reflect them. Keep spamming Bomb Arrows and any left over arrows at Calamity to get him into 2nd phase, if your Royal Guard’s Bow breaks then Switch over to the Royal Bow. At the start of 2nd phase hope for him to give you a Laser Attack so you can start the Stun Lock earlier, if he doesn’t give you a Laser at the start just wait it out for him to give you one and reflect it. Once you start the stunlock the Royal Claymore should last about 5-6 smashes on the ground until it breaks, then switch out to the Stone Smasher or any other double hander that you have. Then just repeat the Stunlock until Calamity is dead. Beast Ganon - Nothing really to say about this fight other than just do it the way you’d normally do it. - Timing ends on final shot to the eye. </s>" <s> It will include DLC If you have it. After the cutscene, walk for a bit towards the right and then crouch jump towards a tree and take the bug on it. After that run past the old man and grab the Axe on the tree stump. Grab the Hyrule Herb next to a tree running towards the Tower and around 5-6 arrows in front of the Bokoblin Archers. Attack the Bokoblin whilst sprinting, and as soon as the axe hits the bokoblin's shield, jump to cancel the attack animation. Then, while in the in air jumping, press A to pick up the shield. Run into the Tower, Activate Terminal, skip Tower Cutscene. Run to Bomb Shrine. The Reason you do Bombs first in Amiiboless is because it saves in-game time, which is very important later in the run. After Bombs, teleport to the Tower do the fall Damage trick again. Run to Magnesis. Immediately after you’re going to Tree Ride to the Paraglider cutscene, get the Paraglider. Go into the Dining Hall and grab the Royal Bow atop the chandelier. Run to right and pick up a Banana next to some Moblins and Magnesis the Royal Guard’s Spear in the fireplace. Quickly run left out the door and through the hallway on the right, continue to the end of the hallway and blow up the 2 walls, once blown up get the Royal Guard’s Sword in the upper left area. Get the Royal Guard’s Bow next to the Moblin and then get the Royal Claymore and Moblin Guts off the floor. Above you should be boxes, smash these boxes as they drop arrows needed for the Blight fights coming up. Climb back up to the higher level using the post next to you, then Whistle Sprint back down the hallway. If you got lucky and got shock arrows, shock the Lizafols and take its Tri-Boomerang + Shield. If you didn’t get shock arrows then whistle, throw a bomb and wait till the Lizafols starts kicking it around, then Sneak Attack with Royal Claymore. Run back down the Hallway and into the Dining Hall again, slow walk/crouch to the right and pick up a Razzorshroom, then crouch-jump to the Moblins and throw a bomb at them so they could kick it around, then once again use the Royal Claymore to Sneak Attack kill both of them. Optionally you could pick up the Raw Gourmet Meat for healing. Now going down left you go back into the Outside area and use the Window on the left and carefully climb up it holding ZL. Now climb up to the top, once on the top walk to the right until your stamina regenerates and then climb up the walls on the left. Run to the little Chamber area on the left for a chest with 5x bomb arrows. Go back outside from the chamber and use the Guardian’s laser to create an updraft to an upper area. Then make a slight left again and use the Guardian next to you to create another updraft to the Sanctum, if you’re too late to create another updraft just use the wall in front of you to climb. Windblight - Starting off with Windblight you’re going to climb the wall right behind you until Windblight teleports away then spawns back, drink the Mighty Elixir once Windblight starts his gun- attack, jump off the wall and fly to him using the Paraglider. Hit him with the Royal Guard’s Sword until he topples. Switch to the Royal Claymore, hit him 3 times with a spin attack then smash it into the ground. To enter 2nd phase shoot him once with the Royal Guard’s Bow immediately after he gets back up. In 2nd phase get 3 headshots as soon as you can so he can topple from the air, switch to the Royal Guard’s Spear and stab him 4 times, hold Y until you hear 2 charge sounds and let go, for this is finish off Windblight you have to be a certain distance away from him. Waterblight - Now onto Waterblight, first off use the durability left on the spear and let it break on Waterblight now switch to the Stone Smasher. Once he starts an attack run onto the TriForce design piece on the floor to the left, place yourself around the bottom left of it and start a spin attack, this will allow you get double hits thus equaling more damage. When your almost out of Stamina end the spin attack and let the last attack smash him. If he won’t get into 2nd phase just hit him a few more times and he should go into 2nd phase. Now in 2nd phase Windblight can ethier spawn in the middle, the left side or the right side. Which side he does spawn on doesn’t really matter. Just shoot him twice with headshots until he topples from the air, then spin attack him with the Stone Smasher. Repeat this until he is dead. Fireblight - Fireblight’s 1st phase can be a little tricky. Run to him at the VERY start so he doesn’t insta kill you, Spin Attack with the Stone Smasher for only 3 hits then smash it into the ground so he gets stunned. Immediately after repeat the Spin Attack and he should topple. Then switch to the Royal Guard’s Sword and hit him until it breaks and 2nd phase starts. In 2nd phase switch to the Royal Claymore and then place a Bomb where Fireblight spawns, forcing him to topple on the floor. Spin attack him until you’re almost out of Stamina. Repeat the Spin Attacks until he is dead. Thunderblight - In 1st Phase Thunderblight you’re going to hope for him to start off by going into the air and throwing lightning balls at you, once this happens switch to the Lizal Tri-Boomerang and throw it at his shield, immediately after shoot him with a headshot. Pick back up the Boomerang and hit Thunderblight with it until he gets back up, then hit him again with a headshot. Once again hit him with the Boomerang until his Shield breaks, then Switch to the Royal Claymore and spin attack him into 2nd phase. In 2nd Phase he’ll spawn down lightning rods, as soon as his lightning starts throw the Boomerang at his shield again, then shoot him with a headshot. Once he topples get the Boomerang and start hitting him again, If his shield breaks switch to the Royal Claymore and that should finish him off. If he goes back into the air just headshot him again and finish him off with the Royal Claymore. Calamity Ganon - Start off by going to the left and bullet timing Calamity Ganon’s sword attack with the Lizal Tri-Boomerang, immediately after start running down left and get a Royal Broadsword and 10x Bomb Arrows, Shoot Bomb Arrows and get headshots at Calamity while going left to get another Royal Claymore. If Calamity gives you Lasers just reflect them. Keep spamming Bomb Arrows and any left over arrows at Calamity to get him into 2nd phase, if your Royal Guard’s Bow breaks then Switch over to the Royal Bow. At the start of 2nd phase hope for him to give you a Laser Attack so you can start the Stun Lock earlier, if he doesn’t give you a Laser at the start just wait it out for him to give you one and reflect it. Once you start the stunlock the Royal Claymore should last about 5-6 smashes on the ground until it breaks, then switch out to the Stone Smasher or any other double hander that you have. Then just repeat the Stunlock until Calamity is dead. Beast Ganon - Nothing really to say about this fight other than just do it the way you’d normally do it. - Timing ends on final shot to the eye. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Pembroke Pines Flanagan (9-1) has come a long way. Entering this week as the 12-8A runnerups they showed they may be ready for the next step of progression. Led by a balanced offense and stable defense, the Flanagan Falcons have been able to control play through most of their district schedule. Undeterred by a 22-13 road loss to nationally ranked Miramar, the Falcons have a tough battle against 11-8A Champion Deerfield Beach Bucks (10-0). When these teams play on Friday night, the home team, Bucks will be 21 point favorites. This may be related to Deerfield’s 22-7 victory over national power St. Thomas Aquinas or the fact that Flanagan will be playing in their first playoff game which begins on the road. Flanagan operates a pass oriented offense which becomes more balanced as the game progresses. Quarterback, Ryan Stanley has proven effective in and out of the pocket with over 1450 yards passing and 18 touchdown passes with only 4 interceptions this year. Receiver, Emonee Spence leads the team with 25 receptions and has also proven to be a force on the defensive side of the ball. Bradley Martin, Robert Foy and Keavon Mitchell have proven to be highly reliable with double digit receptions when Stanley finds them through the air. In addition, Christopher Davis and Christopher Nealy have assisted on the ground especially when the Falcons have found themselves in the red zone. Both running backs have also provided quality pass protection throughout the year. Defensively, this team only yielded 15 points to 12-8A Champion Miramar and as a team, the Falcons have yielded no more than 21 points among their nine wins. On the other hand, Deerfield Beach operates a run oriented offense led by Brandon Powell with 1280 yards rushing and Aeron McNeal with 940 yards rushing. Both gentlemen have dominated every defense they have seen this year. Quarterback, Danarious Graham was able to throw for 1100 yards, with 600 of those yards to Justin Morgan who complements the offense. Other than a scare from 11-8A runnerup, Monarch High, the Bucks have not been challenged. Whomever may question the Bucks soft schedule, that issue was put to rest with Aquinas last week. Many pundits feel that this Deerfield Beach team may be destined for a trip to Orlando. This is the last hurrah for Powell and others who had to contend with Miramar in 2011 and Cypress Bay in 2012 which had teams at a much higher level. While Miramar may be their biggest challenge this year, they can not look past Flanagan. At a minimum, the Falcons will move the ball and provide a long field. However, the Bucks have succeeded off the big play. We shall see this Friday. </s>" <s> Pembroke Pines Flanagan (9-1) has come a long way. Entering this week as the 12-8A runnerups they showed they may be ready for the next step of progression. Led by a balanced offense and stable defense, the Flanagan Falcons have been able to control play through most of their district schedule. Undeterred by a 22-13 road loss to nationally ranked Miramar, the Falcons have a tough battle against 11-8A Champion Deerfield Beach Bucks (10-0). When these teams play on Friday night, the home team, Bucks will be 21 point favorites. This may be related to Deerfield’s 22-7 victory over national power St. Thomas Aquinas or the fact that Flanagan will be playing in their first playoff game which begins on the road. Flanagan operates a pass oriented offense which becomes more balanced as the game progresses. Quarterback, Ryan Stanley has proven effective in and out of the pocket with over 1450 yards passing and 18 touchdown passes with only 4 interceptions this year. Receiver, Emonee Spence leads the team with 25 receptions and has also proven to be a force on the defensive side of the ball. Bradley Martin, Robert Foy and Keavon Mitchell have proven to be highly reliable with double digit receptions when Stanley finds them through the air. In addition, Christopher Davis and Christopher Nealy have assisted on the ground especially when the Falcons have found themselves in the red zone. Both running backs have also provided quality pass protection throughout the year. Defensively, this team only yielded 15 points to 12-8A Champion Miramar and as a team, the Falcons have yielded no more than 21 points among their nine wins. On the other hand, Deerfield Beach operates a run oriented offense led by Brandon Powell with 1280 yards rushing and Aeron McNeal with 940 yards rushing. Both gentlemen have dominated every defense they have seen this year. Quarterback, Danarious Graham was able to throw for 1100 yards, with 600 of those yards to Justin Morgan who complements the offense. Other than a scare from 11-8A runnerup, Monarch High, the Bucks have not been challenged. Whomever may question the Bucks soft schedule, that issue was put to rest with Aquinas last week. Many pundits feel that this Deerfield Beach team may be destined for a trip to Orlando. This is the last hurrah for Powell and others who had to contend with Miramar in 2011 and Cypress Bay in 2012 which had teams at a much higher level. While Miramar may be their biggest challenge this year, they can not look past Flanagan. At a minimum, the Falcons will move the ball and provide a long field. However, the Bucks have succeeded off the big play. We shall see this Friday. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> We always desire to look young. Now, it is possible with Mid Facelift. For a more youthful look, you can opt for mid facelift plastic surgery procedure that restores a smooth look to the lower eyelids and cheeks. Are you concerned about the price and quality of Mid Face Lift provided by clinics in Bella Vista? www.aboutclinic.com is Medical Procedure Discovery Portal and also the part of Healthcare IT Ecosystem who understand your concerns. We are constantly taking effort to provide quality information on Mid Face Lift services in Bella Vista through Reviews, Question and Answers, surveys, treatment experience feedback, Testimonial and recommendations from patients. Unsure about how much does Mid Face Lift surgery cost in Bella Vista? </s>" <s> We always desire to look young. Now, it is possible with Mid Facelift. For a more youthful look, you can opt for mid facelift plastic surgery procedure that restores a smooth look to the lower eyelids and cheeks. Are you concerned about the price and quality of Mid Face Lift provided by clinics in Bella Vista? www.aboutclinic.com is Medical Procedure Discovery Portal and also the part of Healthcare IT Ecosystem who understand your concerns. We are constantly taking effort to provide quality information on Mid Face Lift services in Bella Vista through Reviews, Question and Answers, surveys, treatment experience feedback, Testimonial and recommendations from patients. Unsure about how much does Mid Face Lift surgery cost in Bella Vista? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Terms of Service - Network Auto Source, Inc. Welcome to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides its service to you, subject to the following Terms of Service (""TOS""), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: Terms Of Service. In addition, when using particular 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' owned or operated services, your usage of our site and services shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted and or updated from time to time at our discretion. Failure on the part of the visitor to our site or the user of our services to not read or properly understand the TOS here shall in no way absolve them of their responsibility to act in compliance with the TOS stated here. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to our Spam Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may also offer other services that are governed by different Terms of Service agreements. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides users with access to a variety of resources, including various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through various mediums or devices now known or hereafter developed (the ""Service""). You also understand and agree that the Service may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to provide the Service. You also understand and agree that the Service may include certain communications from 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', such as service announcements, administrative messages, and that these communications are considered part of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided ""AS-IS"" and that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service and that access may involve third party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is a privately operated service and reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at anytime at its sole discretion. This denial of service to users may include but not necessarily be limited to IP address blocking, cookie tracking methods, and the use of subscription fees to access the system. Any information, photos, or data submitted to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' for the purpose of being displayed within the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' system or any of its affiliates is subject to the approval of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. Any information, photos, or data submitted to us that is not deemed appropriate by us for whatever reason may be removed from our system at anytime without prior notice or warning of any kind to the submitter of said information. Any information, photos, or data that has been submitted to us in conjunction with a paid for service or promotion that we offer is also subject to the same rules of appropriateness. We also reserve the right to refuse service for any reason to anyone who pays for any of the services that we offer. We are not liable for any losses incurred to or by any individual should we refuse to provide service to them, even if they have paid for this service. The amount of liability that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or any of its affiliates is responsible for, in the event of denial of any service to anyone, is limited to the fee that said person or third party paid for the denied service to us and not one penny more. If a person or organization uses a third party as a ""go between"" to acquire services from us, then that third party is responsible for any reimbursements to the person making any claims for denial of services by us. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not guarantee that a particular target audience or intended recipient will receive any services paid for by any individuals or third parties and is not responsible for the successful transmission of any services that we provide. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for transmission errors, loss of data, or any other causes that result in the unsuccessful propogation of its services to any intended audience or recipient whether paid for or not by any individual or third party. Paying for and/or using any of the services that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides is at the sole risk of the user and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not provide any performance guarantee whatsoever to anyone for the use of its services. Any information, photos, or data that has been deleted either intentionally or otherwise by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or any of its affiliates is deemed as being disposable by the submitter and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for its loss. It is the sole responsibility of the submitter of any such information, photos, or data to maintain their own copy of said information, photos, or data on their own systems and is not the responsibility of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to provide any such archiving for any purpose whatsoever. We are not liable for any losses incurred to or by any individual should we refuse to provide service to them, even if they have paid for this service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' makes no claim as to the effectiveness of its services and is not responsible for any claims made by users of its systems for failure to satisfy their purposes for using our systems. If a person or organization uses a third party as a ""go between"" to acquire services from us, then that third party is responsible for any reimbursements to the person making any claims for denial of service or lack of performance by us. Any person or third party who pays for services from us and is deemed to be in violation of our TOS or causes us injury either economically or otherwise, may be refused any reimbursements of any fees paid to us for any services that they were paying us to perform. Should 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' suffer any damages either economically or otherwise by any person or third party accessing our system either directly or indirectly or should cause us harm through any means whatsoever either directly or indirectly is subject to legal action by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and/or its affiliates. In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the ""Registration Data"") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal guardian, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Services and/or Content are appropriate for your child. You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 8. You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (""Content""), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may or may not pre-screen Content, but that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or submitted to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', including without limitation information in 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' Message Boards, and in all other parts of the Service. You acknowledge, consent and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may access, preserve, and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', its users and the public. You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Service. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' system(s) to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' removes such Content from the Service. With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible area of the Service, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' removes such Content from the Service. ""Publicly accessible"" areas of the Service are those areas of the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' network of properties that are intended by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Service would include 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' classified ad listings or promotions and website pages that are open to both members and visitors. You agree to indemnify and hold 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on 'Network Auto Source, Inc. 's' servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' account, any associated email address, and access to the Service. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, and (f) extended periods of inactivity. Termination of your 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service, including but not limited to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' Classified Ad Listings, Promotions, and Announcements, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ''s sole discretion and that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service (""Software"") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' for use in accessing the Service. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN ""AS IS"" AND ""AS AVAILABLE"" BASIS. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS. Regarding any and all information that is displayed as a result of using the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' services, the phrase ""Let the buyer beware"" is apt. The Service is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Service is intended for investing purposes. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Service, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading, buying, renting, or any other form of investment decision made based on such information. The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. </s>" <s> Terms of Service - Network Auto Source, Inc. Welcome to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides its service to you, subject to the following Terms of Service "(""TOS"")," which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: Terms Of Service. In addition, when using particular 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' owned or operated services, your usage of our site and services shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted and or updated from time to time at our discretion. Failure on the part of the visitor to our site or the user of our services to not read or properly understand the TOS here shall in no way absolve them of their responsibility to act in compliance with the TOS stated here. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to our Spam Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may also offer other services that are governed by different Terms of Service agreements. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides users with access to a variety of resources, including various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through various mediums or devices now known or hereafter developed (the """Service"")." You also understand and agree that the Service may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to provide the Service. You also understand and agree that the Service may include certain communications from 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', such as service announcements, administrative messages, and that these communications are considered part of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided """AS-IS""" and that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service and that access may involve third party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is a privately operated service and reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at anytime at its sole discretion. This denial of service to users may include but not necessarily be limited to IP address blocking, cookie tracking methods, and the use of subscription fees to access the system. Any information, photos, or data submitted to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' for the purpose of being displayed within the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' system or any of its affiliates is subject to the approval of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. Any information, photos, or data submitted to us that is not deemed appropriate by us for whatever reason may be removed from our system at anytime without prior notice or warning of any kind to the submitter of said information. Any information, photos, or data that has been submitted to us in conjunction with a paid for service or promotion that we offer is also subject to the same rules of appropriateness. We also reserve the right to refuse service for any reason to anyone who pays for any of the services that we offer. We are not liable for any losses incurred to or by any individual should we refuse to provide service to them, even if they have paid for this service. The amount of liability that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or any of its affiliates is responsible for, in the event of denial of any service to anyone, is limited to the fee that said person or third party paid for the denied service to us and not one penny more. If a person or organization uses a third party as a """go" "between""" to acquire services from us, then that third party is responsible for any reimbursements to the person making any claims for denial of services by us. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not guarantee that a particular target audience or intended recipient will receive any services paid for by any individuals or third parties and is not responsible for the successful transmission of any services that we provide. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for transmission errors, loss of data, or any other causes that result in the unsuccessful propogation of its services to any intended audience or recipient whether paid for or not by any individual or third party. Paying for and/or using any of the services that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' provides is at the sole risk of the user and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not provide any performance guarantee whatsoever to anyone for the use of its services. Any information, photos, or data that has been deleted either intentionally or otherwise by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or any of its affiliates is deemed as being disposable by the submitter and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for its loss. It is the sole responsibility of the submitter of any such information, photos, or data to maintain their own copy of said information, photos, or data on their own systems and is not the responsibility of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to provide any such archiving for any purpose whatsoever. We are not liable for any losses incurred to or by any individual should we refuse to provide service to them, even if they have paid for this service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' makes no claim as to the effectiveness of its services and is not responsible for any claims made by users of its systems for failure to satisfy their purposes for using our systems. If a person or organization uses a third party as a """go" "between""" to acquire services from us, then that third party is responsible for any reimbursements to the person making any claims for denial of service or lack of performance by us. Any person or third party who pays for services from us and is deemed to be in violation of our TOS or causes us injury either economically or otherwise, may be refused any reimbursements of any fees paid to us for any services that they were paying us to perform. Should 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' suffer any damages either economically or otherwise by any person or third party accessing our system either directly or indirectly or should cause us harm through any means whatsoever either directly or indirectly is subject to legal action by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and/or its affiliates. In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the """Registration" "Data"")" and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal guardian, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Services and/or Content are appropriate for your child. You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 8. You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials "(""Content"")," whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may or may not pre-screen Content, but that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or submitted to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', including without limitation information in 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' Message Boards, and in all other parts of the Service. You acknowledge, consent and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may access, preserve, and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', its users and the public. You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Service. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' system(s) to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' removes such Content from the Service. With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible area of the Service, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' removes such Content from the Service. """Publicly" "accessible""" areas of the Service are those areas of the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' network of properties that are intended by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' to be available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Service would include 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' classified ad listings or promotions and website pages that are open to both members and visitors. You agree to indemnify and hold 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ', and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on 'Network Auto Source, Inc. 's' servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' account, any associated email address, and access to the Service. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, and (f) extended periods of inactivity. Termination of your 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service, including but not limited to 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' Classified Ad Listings, Promotions, and Announcements, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ''s sole discretion and that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service "(""Software"")" contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' for use in accessing the Service. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN """AS" "IS""" AND """AS" "AVAILABLE""" BASIS. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS. Regarding any and all information that is displayed as a result of using the 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' services, the phrase """Let" the buyer "beware""" is apt. The Service is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Service is intended for investing purposes. 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Service, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading, buying, renting, or any other form of investment decision made based on such information. The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and 'Network Auto Source, Inc. '. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other 'Network Auto Source, Inc. ' services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. </s>
"<s> A book like Power of Now has some great insight into how the ego operates in people. There is a chapter ""Enlightened Relationship"" in the book Power of Now which may help you get over this and move on. The other book ""A New earth"" is also great one where he talks about how the mind carries these conversation in the head, the drama. Nobody else is required. Let go and be glad that it didn't get nasty. If you are more interested in the 12 steps, maybe you can join the fellowship of Al-anon. You do not know someone until you physically share a living space with them. If it is just phone calls, then treat it as such. If you are arguing long distance then there is a reason it is long distance at the moment. You might be being spared and are unaware. Last edited by Confused1221 on Mon Oct 24, 2016 7:24 pm, edited 1 time in total. And no matter how he feels, he can't be in a relationship. He can't risk his sobriety. He said it's life or death for him and it's not his first time getting clean. For most of us here it was also a life or death situation, and I am glad you understand his reasoning. I would just let things develop at his pace, if he thinks remaining friends is something he is comfortable with that's fine, it may not be easy on you because you may want more. But time goes quite fast, and as he becomes more comfortable with his recovery the relationship can develop further. If things work out he will be grateful that you had the patience to wait on him, you sound like the sort of lady many of us wished we had on our side, best of luck to you both. Does a decision on that have to be made today? The above is from the Power of now book. Something happened that triggered the pain body to awaken in him that 10 minutes. Read more of Eckharts work you will see how the ego operates in everyone. Doing so, you could awaken to your lifes purpose. He does want to be friends. He values me in his life. He realizes our connection is very unique. He just tells me. He doesn't know how to Dela with his emotions and feelings which makes him unstable right now for a relationship. We actually spent the last weekend together with my family as friends. He wouldn't have done that if he didn't want me in his life. It's just a hard situation because I don't think people who aren't familiar with recovery can understand why I want to be friends or keep him around after he ended it. It's because I understand that he ended it because he had to not because he wanted to. Well we just spent the weekend together with my family as friends. I can't imagine him not in my life at all. I don't see why we can't be friends when his reasoning for not being with me is because he has to not bec he wants to. IMO he's doing the right thing. Recovery has to come first. Anything that we put before our recovery we stand to lose. The argument you had just proves that recovery has to come first. He went to a ""dark place"" - just what we need to avoid in early recovery. He felt that his sobriety was being threatened and he acted accordingly. You asked if you can still be friends. How does he feel about it? I would say that the most important thing is that he not feel pressured. Let him tell you how he feels and then accept that. If you are meant to be together, IMO, it will happen, but in the time frame it's meant to happen in. If you are one who believes in prayer, why not pray about this? To me, it sounds like it is all about recovery, which is not a bad thing. Bottom line is that without recovery, we have nothing, so first things first. We have to learn love ourselves before we can possibly experience the wonders of a healthy love with someone else. On a side note, my wife and I became friends before we became lovers. I think that is one of the reasons we have been together for thirty years. We each married our best friend. On a further side note, I love my blood family, but I couldn't live with them. Look at what caused that friction in the first place. Try not to repeat that. But I doubt it will vanish that quickly. Some strains take longer time to hear. Sit and make amends with each other. Forgiving frees up your mind for greater things. There was no real strain, it was a 10 min argument over something very silly that in a regular relationship would have blown over. I forgive him because I know he cares about me immensely and he is doing this because he has to, not wants to. We are trying to be friends but i keep worrying how we will deal with it. Our connection and our feelings for each other domt just go away because we can't be together right now. </s>" <s> A book like Power of Now has some great insight into how the ego operates in people. There is a chapter """Enlightened" "Relationship""" in the book Power of Now which may help you get over this and move on. The other book """A" New "earth""" is also great one where he talks about how the mind carries these conversation in the head, the drama. Nobody else is required. Let go and be glad that it didn't get nasty. If you are more interested in the 12 steps, maybe you can join the fellowship of Al-anon. You do not know someone until you physically share a living space with them. If it is just phone calls, then treat it as such. If you are arguing long distance then there is a reason it is long distance at the moment. You might be being spared and are unaware. Last edited by Confused1221 on Mon Oct 24, 2016 7:24 pm, edited 1 time in total. And no matter how he feels, he can't be in a relationship. He can't risk his sobriety. He said it's life or death for him and it's not his first time getting clean. For most of us here it was also a life or death situation, and I am glad you understand his reasoning. I would just let things develop at his pace, if he thinks remaining friends is something he is comfortable with that's fine, it may not be easy on you because you may want more. But time goes quite fast, and as he becomes more comfortable with his recovery the relationship can develop further. If things work out he will be grateful that you had the patience to wait on him, you sound like the sort of lady many of us wished we had on our side, best of luck to you both. Does a decision on that have to be made today? The above is from the Power of now book. Something happened that triggered the pain body to awaken in him that 10 minutes. Read more of Eckharts work you will see how the ego operates in everyone. Doing so, you could awaken to your lifes purpose. He does want to be friends. He values me in his life. He realizes our connection is very unique. He just tells me. He doesn't know how to Dela with his emotions and feelings which makes him unstable right now for a relationship. We actually spent the last weekend together with my family as friends. He wouldn't have done that if he didn't want me in his life. It's just a hard situation because I don't think people who aren't familiar with recovery can understand why I want to be friends or keep him around after he ended it. It's because I understand that he ended it because he had to not because he wanted to. Well we just spent the weekend together with my family as friends. I can't imagine him not in my life at all. I don't see why we can't be friends when his reasoning for not being with me is because he has to not bec he wants to. IMO he's doing the right thing. Recovery has to come first. Anything that we put before our recovery we stand to lose. The argument you had just proves that recovery has to come first. He went to a """dark" "place""" - just what we need to avoid in early recovery. He felt that his sobriety was being threatened and he acted accordingly. You asked if you can still be friends. How does he feel about it? I would say that the most important thing is that he not feel pressured. Let him tell you how he feels and then accept that. If you are meant to be together, IMO, it will happen, but in the time frame it's meant to happen in. If you are one who believes in prayer, why not pray about this? To me, it sounds like it is all about recovery, which is not a bad thing. Bottom line is that without recovery, we have nothing, so first things first. We have to learn love ourselves before we can possibly experience the wonders of a healthy love with someone else. On a side note, my wife and I became friends before we became lovers. I think that is one of the reasons we have been together for thirty years. We each married our best friend. On a further side note, I love my blood family, but I couldn't live with them. Look at what caused that friction in the first place. Try not to repeat that. But I doubt it will vanish that quickly. Some strains take longer time to hear. Sit and make amends with each other. Forgiving frees up your mind for greater things. There was no real strain, it was a 10 min argument over something very silly that in a regular relationship would have blown over. I forgive him because I know he cares about me immensely and he is doing this because he has to, not wants to. We are trying to be friends but i keep worrying how we will deal with it. Our connection and our feelings for each other domt just go away because we can't be together right now. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Your current order is summarized below. Click 'Continue Shopping' if you wish to add more items. To remove an item from your cart, click on 'Delete' next to the product. To change quantities, enter the desired number in the Qty box and then click 'Update'. Your subtotal will be automatically recalculated. When you are ready to proceed onto purchasing, click 'Checkout'. Note: Shipping and taxes, where applicable, will be calculated at Checkout. Note: shipping and applicable tax caculated at checkout. </s>" <s> Your current order is summarized below. Click 'Continue Shopping' if you wish to add more items. To remove an item from your cart, click on 'Delete' next to the product. To change quantities, enter the desired number in the Qty box and then click 'Update'. Your subtotal will be automatically recalculated. When you are ready to proceed onto purchasing, click 'Checkout'. Note: Shipping and taxes, where applicable, will be calculated at Checkout. Note: shipping and applicable tax caculated at checkout. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Independent mechanical adjustment of the sections and horizontal folding up to m 2.50 for SERIES T. Independent hydraulic adjustment of the sections with hydraulic horizontal automatic folding up to m 2.50 –turning the T series into TS (SYNCHRO) series => (optional on all models). Possibility of installing rear roller. Possibility of manufacturing harrows with measures, weights and with accessories on demand. </s>" <s> Independent mechanical adjustment of the sections and horizontal folding up to m 2.50 for SERIES T. Independent hydraulic adjustment of the sections with hydraulic horizontal automatic folding up to m 2.50 –turning the T series into TS (SYNCHRO) series => (optional on all models). Possibility of installing rear roller. Possibility of manufacturing harrows with measures, weights and with accessories on demand. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> This is awesome. I love it. I can’t wait to try it. </s>" <s> This is awesome. I love it. I can’t wait to try it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Newts, Salamanders, Frogs, Toads and Caecilians. Photos of various types of tank setups for amphibians. Photos from each year's Caudata.org Calendar Competition and the winners. Exploring amphibian habitats is a great way to better understand their lives. Post photos of your exploration here. Such as custom designed or tweaked equipment for your setups. On topic photos that don't fit in the other category. Strictly no photos of dogs, cats, your hair, my hair, in fact anyone's hair, thank you. All times are GMT. The time now is 12:01. </s>" <s> Newts, Salamanders, Frogs, Toads and Caecilians. Photos of various types of tank setups for amphibians. Photos from each year's Caudata.org Calendar Competition and the winners. Exploring amphibian habitats is a great way to better understand their lives. Post photos of your exploration here. Such as custom designed or tweaked equipment for your setups. On topic photos that don't fit in the other category. Strictly no photos of dogs, cats, your hair, my hair, in fact anyone's hair, thank you. All times are GMT. The time now is 12:01. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Protechsoft's resources and the skills we bring to the business are our greatest strengths. We have dedicated and committed professionals with a wide repertoire of skills and experience. Protechsoft assists its employees through educational stipends to maintain their certified status and to remain current in their respective areas of expertise. We provide initiatives for education, conduct technical training and provide professional training to ensure our staff are current with respect to emerging technologies and tools. Regularly conducted performance evaluations allow all personnel to identify their areas of strengths as well as areas for growth. Developing our resources along dedicated business lines allows them to stay abreast of all changes within the industry. Protechsoft carefully evaluates the specifications and the scope of work statements to ensure that the skill set of our proposed project team fulfills each client's requirements and expectations. Our teams follow established management and development procedures. Protechsoft defines project management as the disciplined application of knowledge, skills, tools and techniques. Our company has developed standard practices for project management, which emphasizes our commitment to delivering quality results to our customers. Protechsoft is experienced in managing both large and small systems development projects. We have managed substantial multi-year efforts, involving large public entities with a large number of stakeholder entities and resources. We have also managed projects designed to accomplish a single solution. All projects require careful coordination of tasks to meet completion deadlines. Our successful project strategies and practices are based on ISO 9001 and SEI CMM Level 5 processes. Protechsoft has found that the key to the success of any project is having the right project management team in place. Our management team excels in strategic planning, risk management, performance monitoring and communications management. They effectively and efficiently funnel tasks to various team members and have repeatedly delivered quality products on time. We follow SEI CMM level 5 development procedures to produce products of the highest quality. We are always there to research and consult with you about which technologies provide the optimal cost/performance ratio for your software. Protechsoft IT Analysts and Software Architects will approach each case individually and propose the most cost-effective technical solution. </s>" <s> Protechsoft's resources and the skills we bring to the business are our greatest strengths. We have dedicated and committed professionals with a wide repertoire of skills and experience. Protechsoft assists its employees through educational stipends to maintain their certified status and to remain current in their respective areas of expertise. We provide initiatives for education, conduct technical training and provide professional training to ensure our staff are current with respect to emerging technologies and tools. Regularly conducted performance evaluations allow all personnel to identify their areas of strengths as well as areas for growth. Developing our resources along dedicated business lines allows them to stay abreast of all changes within the industry. Protechsoft carefully evaluates the specifications and the scope of work statements to ensure that the skill set of our proposed project team fulfills each client's requirements and expectations. Our teams follow established management and development procedures. Protechsoft defines project management as the disciplined application of knowledge, skills, tools and techniques. Our company has developed standard practices for project management, which emphasizes our commitment to delivering quality results to our customers. Protechsoft is experienced in managing both large and small systems development projects. We have managed substantial multi-year efforts, involving large public entities with a large number of stakeholder entities and resources. We have also managed projects designed to accomplish a single solution. All projects require careful coordination of tasks to meet completion deadlines. Our successful project strategies and practices are based on ISO 9001 and SEI CMM Level 5 processes. Protechsoft has found that the key to the success of any project is having the right project management team in place. Our management team excels in strategic planning, risk management, performance monitoring and communications management. They effectively and efficiently funnel tasks to various team members and have repeatedly delivered quality products on time. We follow SEI CMM level 5 development procedures to produce products of the highest quality. We are always there to research and consult with you about which technologies provide the optimal cost/performance ratio for your software. Protechsoft IT Analysts and Software Architects will approach each case individually and propose the most cost-effective technical solution. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> This post isn't related to web development but I thought it might help someone out there. I recently upgraded my headphone to the fantastic Bose QC35II. When trying to connect them to my PC using Bluetooth, the quality wasn't the greatest. Here's how I fixed the problem. I just found an old interview I gave for the local newspaper from 2002, back when the internet was still quite new. In the interview I was asked to predict what the internet would be like in 20 years. You should be able to easily Google for the SID files for your old favourite games (or if you want to go nuts, check out the massive High Voltage SID collection), which can be played directly on the jsSID project page. If you’ve never been involved in the creation of a website before, there are some paths that can lead to delays or bloated budgets. A recent blog post from BuildStudio in Canada has identified five important things to consider. After spotting it on OzBargain for a great price, I bought myself the Logitech MX Master to replace my old Logitech G700. Lifehacker has just posted a great article comparing the MX Master to its predecessor, the Performance MX, and their G502 Proteus Core gaming mouse. The article does a great job of comparing the features of each mouse, and comes to the conclusion that they're all pretty great, with only a few personal preferences separating them. One of the headlining features of the MX Master is the Smart speed-adaptive scroll wheel, which automatically shifts from your standard click-to-click which scrolls a few lines at a time, to a free-spinning fast scroll. A few mice (including my old G700) have had a little button under the scroll wheel to switch between these two modes, but the MX Master can do this automatically when the scroll wheel reaches a certain speed, and then disengages fast-scrolling when the wheel stops. At first I was annoyed by this automatic momentum scrolling, as it was always engaging when I didn’t want it to... that is, until I found in the settings where you can finely adjust the sensitivity. Sometimes it helps when you read the manual. Now everything’s golden! Coupled with the great battery life, it’s the nicest mouse I’ve ever owned. I'm very proud to announce that ASIS International Victoria Chapter has taken home the Website of the Year Award, presented at the recent 2015 ASIS International 61st Security Conference and Expo held in Anaheim, USA. So the dust is starting to settle as we become familiar with a number of techniques for developing responsive websites, but for myself, this road has not exactly been as problem-free as I thought it was going to be. Time for some quick reflection on a recent project and the challenges of ""going responsive"". Jcrop - Quick and easy image cropping with jQuery. Jcrop from Deep Liquid is a quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application. It combines the ease-of-use of a typical jQuery plugin with a powerful cross-platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications. It's definitely one of the best one's I've come across. It's about 5.5KB (minified), compatible with all browsers and its free (MIT license)! Check out the demos. </s>" <s> This post isn't related to web development but I thought it might help someone out there. I recently upgraded my headphone to the fantastic Bose QC35II. When trying to connect them to my PC using Bluetooth, the quality wasn't the greatest. Here's how I fixed the problem. I just found an old interview I gave for the local newspaper from 2002, back when the internet was still quite new. In the interview I was asked to predict what the internet would be like in 20 years. You should be able to easily Google for the SID files for your old favourite games (or if you want to go nuts, check out the massive High Voltage SID collection), which can be played directly on the jsSID project page. If you’ve never been involved in the creation of a website before, there are some paths that can lead to delays or bloated budgets. A recent blog post from BuildStudio in Canada has identified five important things to consider. After spotting it on OzBargain for a great price, I bought myself the Logitech MX Master to replace my old Logitech G700. Lifehacker has just posted a great article comparing the MX Master to its predecessor, the Performance MX, and their G502 Proteus Core gaming mouse. The article does a great job of comparing the features of each mouse, and comes to the conclusion that they're all pretty great, with only a few personal preferences separating them. One of the headlining features of the MX Master is the Smart speed-adaptive scroll wheel, which automatically shifts from your standard click-to-click which scrolls a few lines at a time, to a free-spinning fast scroll. A few mice (including my old G700) have had a little button under the scroll wheel to switch between these two modes, but the MX Master can do this automatically when the scroll wheel reaches a certain speed, and then disengages fast-scrolling when the wheel stops. At first I was annoyed by this automatic momentum scrolling, as it was always engaging when I didn’t want it to... that is, until I found in the settings where you can finely adjust the sensitivity. Sometimes it helps when you read the manual. Now everything’s golden! Coupled with the great battery life, it’s the nicest mouse I’ve ever owned. I'm very proud to announce that ASIS International Victoria Chapter has taken home the Website of the Year Award, presented at the recent 2015 ASIS International 61st Security Conference and Expo held in Anaheim, USA. So the dust is starting to settle as we become familiar with a number of techniques for developing responsive websites, but for myself, this road has not exactly been as problem-free as I thought it was going to be. Time for some quick reflection on a recent project and the challenges of """going" "responsive""." Jcrop - Quick and easy image cropping with jQuery. Jcrop from Deep Liquid is a quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application. It combines the ease-of-use of a typical jQuery plugin with a powerful cross-platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications. It's definitely one of the best one's I've come across. It's about 5.5KB (minified), compatible with all browsers and its free (MIT license)! Check out the demos. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Printable adult coloring . Free Printable Adult Coloring Pages Pat Catan's Blog. Numbers Coloring Pages CURIPANDANGCOM. Free Printable Holiday Adult Coloring Pages. Printable Coloring Pages For Adults Free Designs. Fish Tank Coloring Pages - Printable Kids Colouring Pages. Printable Adult Coloring Pages Refrence Awesome Free Printable Adult. All About Coloring Pages. The Best Coloring S Images On Coloring Books. Printable Coloring Pages For Adults Free Designs. Printable Coloring Sheet New Best Printable Adult Coloring Pages. Thanksgiving Color By Number Printables Thanksgiving Cornucopia. Free Printable Valentines Adult Coloring Pages Nerdy Mamma. </s>" <s> Printable adult coloring . Free Printable Adult Coloring Pages Pat Catan's Blog. Numbers Coloring Pages CURIPANDANGCOM. Free Printable Holiday Adult Coloring Pages. Printable Coloring Pages For Adults Free Designs. Fish Tank Coloring Pages - Printable Kids Colouring Pages. Printable Adult Coloring Pages Refrence Awesome Free Printable Adult. All About Coloring Pages. The Best Coloring S Images On Coloring Books. Printable Coloring Pages For Adults Free Designs. Printable Coloring Sheet New Best Printable Adult Coloring Pages. Thanksgiving Color By Number Printables Thanksgiving Cornucopia. Free Printable Valentines Adult Coloring Pages Nerdy Mamma. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> While the UN climate summit at Durban has started under the impression of severe local thunderstorms, the climate and development organization Germanwatch publishes its Global Climate Risk Index (CRI) for the seventh time. The index focuses on countries especially affected by weather extremes such as floodings and storms in 2010 and during the past twenty years. The Global Climate Risk Index is based on data collected in the worldwide renowned database at MunichRe. The climate summit in Cancún agreed on important climate protection packages after a dramatic night session, partly thanks to the sovereign leadership of the Mexican Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa. Agreed packages include the protection of rain forests, adaptation to climate change for the most vulnerable countries, technology transfer and a Green Fund for financing the above mentioned measures. For the first time in UN history it was officially accepted by all countries to limit the global temperature rise below two degrees Celsius. Today, Germanwatch and CAN Europe released the sixth annual Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI), a joint research project, at the climate summit in Cancún. The CCPI 2011 evaluates and ranks the 57 highest-emitting countries based on their emissions and climate policies. This year, more than 190 experts from the respective countries have assisted in creation of the index by analysing national policies. With the today published Climate Risk Index 2011 in Cancun, Germanwatch has, for the sixth time, examined which countries are particularly affected by weather extremes. ""In 2009, surprisingly, countries such as Chinese Taipei, Saudi Arabia and Australia were also among the ten most affected countries,"" said Sven Harmeling, author of the CRI at Germanwatch. The fifth Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI) – a worldwide national ranking of climate performance - was published today by Germanwatch and Climate Action Network (CAN) Europe, Europe's leading network for climate and energy issues. The annual report ranks countries based on which ones show the strongest climate protection performance relative to one another, comparing 57 industrialised countries and emerging economies . This year’s index showed Brazil to be the biggest mover, knocking the usually strongest player Sweden farther down the scale. Sweden again ranks in first position in the current Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI 2008). However, even those at the top of the class - Sweden achieved two thirds of the total score - only achieve average grades. The index is published annually by Germanwatch and CAN-Europe and compares the climate protection performances of 56 industrialised countries and emerging economies which together account for more than 90 per cent of global energy-related CO2 emissions. The environment and development organisation Germanwatch presents today the results of the new international Climate Change Performance Index. The index compares the climate protection performance of 53 industrialised and emerging countries that, together, are responsible for 90 percent of the world-wide carbon dioxide emissions. </s>" <s> While the UN climate summit at Durban has started under the impression of severe local thunderstorms, the climate and development organization Germanwatch publishes its Global Climate Risk Index (CRI) for the seventh time. The index focuses on countries especially affected by weather extremes such as floodings and storms in 2010 and during the past twenty years. The Global Climate Risk Index is based on data collected in the worldwide renowned database at MunichRe. The climate summit in Cancún agreed on important climate protection packages after a dramatic night session, partly thanks to the sovereign leadership of the Mexican Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa. Agreed packages include the protection of rain forests, adaptation to climate change for the most vulnerable countries, technology transfer and a Green Fund for financing the above mentioned measures. For the first time in UN history it was officially accepted by all countries to limit the global temperature rise below two degrees Celsius. Today, Germanwatch and CAN Europe released the sixth annual Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI), a joint research project, at the climate summit in Cancún. The CCPI 2011 evaluates and ranks the 57 highest-emitting countries based on their emissions and climate policies. This year, more than 190 experts from the respective countries have assisted in creation of the index by analysing national policies. With the today published Climate Risk Index 2011 in Cancun, Germanwatch has, for the sixth time, examined which countries are particularly affected by weather extremes. """In" 2009, surprisingly, countries such as Chinese Taipei, Saudi Arabia and Australia were also among the ten most affected "countries,""" said Sven Harmeling, author of the CRI at Germanwatch. The fifth Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI) – a worldwide national ranking of climate performance - was published today by Germanwatch and Climate Action Network (CAN) Europe, Europe's leading network for climate and energy issues. The annual report ranks countries based on which ones show the strongest climate protection performance relative to one another, comparing 57 industrialised countries and emerging economies . This year’s index showed Brazil to be the biggest mover, knocking the usually strongest player Sweden farther down the scale. Sweden again ranks in first position in the current Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI 2008). However, even those at the top of the class - Sweden achieved two thirds of the total score - only achieve average grades. The index is published annually by Germanwatch and CAN-Europe and compares the climate protection performances of 56 industrialised countries and emerging economies which together account for more than 90 per cent of global energy-related CO2 emissions. The environment and development organisation Germanwatch presents today the results of the new international Climate Change Performance Index. The index compares the climate protection performance of 53 industrialised and emerging countries that, together, are responsible for 90 percent of the world-wide carbon dioxide emissions. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Julia Graham is the knowledge and advocacy coordinator atMicroinsurance Network, Luxembourg. The Microinsurance Network’s mission is to promote the development and delivery of effective and responsible insurance services for low-income people by encouraging shared learning and facilitating knowledge generation and dissemination. She can be reached at jgraham@microinsurancenetwork.org. Microinsurance is not the primary solution to solving the HIV/AIDS crisis. But in the absence of universal health care and access to antiretroviral drugs, the author says, it can play a vital role in managing existing cases, providing anti-retroviral therapy for those with limited access and addressing hospitalization needs. Estimates suggest there are close to 270 million microinsurance clients in the developing world, with a potential market estimated at 3 to 4 billion policies. But while assessing the social impact of this growing sector is vital to improving product design, there is a dearth of consistency amongst the impact assessments being conducted. Microinsurance Network created “A Practical Guide to Impact Assessments” to address this challenge. </s>" <s> Julia Graham is the knowledge and advocacy coordinator atMicroinsurance Network, Luxembourg. The Microinsurance Network’s mission is to promote the development and delivery of effective and responsible insurance services for low-income people by encouraging shared learning and facilitating knowledge generation and dissemination. She can be reached at jgraham@microinsurancenetwork.org. Microinsurance is not the primary solution to solving the HIV/AIDS crisis. But in the absence of universal health care and access to antiretroviral drugs, the author says, it can play a vital role in managing existing cases, providing anti-retroviral therapy for those with limited access and addressing hospitalization needs. Estimates suggest there are close to 270 million microinsurance clients in the developing world, with a potential market estimated at 3 to 4 billion policies. But while assessing the social impact of this growing sector is vital to improving product design, there is a dearth of consistency amongst the impact assessments being conducted. Microinsurance Network created “A Practical Guide to Impact Assessments” to address this challenge. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that provides us with a peek at what could be coming to future versions of HomePod. While Apple could deliver these ideas in a single major upgrade, I suspect that Apple will have these features trickle out over several years. The big idea or secret sauce in this patent filing is that HomePod will be able to interpret three-dimensional hand gestures as a means of controlling the device so as to execute an action or function. Apple describes HomePod in this patent filing as a ""countertop speaker."" Apple's Patent Claims are the most important part of an invention and it's here where they cement their #1 hot feature 3D hand gesturing (or In-Air gesturing). A future HomePod may use a more intelligent mesh that's made of smart fabric in contrast to today's standard fabric mesh. Apple's patent FIG. 8 below is a perspective view of a fabric layer with openings in which light-emitting devices have been formed; FIG. 9 is a side view of an illustrative electronic device that is displaying content for a viewer. Apple also describes an alternative to a full cylindrical styled display by using a smart fabric that could have device light-emitting diodes that are configured to display alphanumeric characters through the fabric; additional light-emitting diodes to provide visual feedback. Patent Claim #1: An electronic device, comprising: a housing having a sidewall, wherein the sidewall has upper and lower regions and a middle region between the upper and lower regions; a microphone in the housing; a visual output device on the middle region of the sidewall; a speaker in the housing; control circuitry in the housing that is configured to: gather voice commands with the microphone; produce sound with the speaker in response to the voice commands; and display moving visual information using the visual output device; and fabric that overlaps the sidewall, wherein the fabric has first openings through which the sound passes and second openings through which light from the visual output device passes to display the moving visual information on the middle region of the sidewall of the housing. Patent Claim #11: An electronic device, comprising: a housing having cylindrical housing structures; a speaker mounted in the cylindrical housing structures; fabric covering the cylindrical housing structures; a sensor that detects three-dimensional hand gestures; light-emitting diodes that are configured to display alphanumeric characters through the fabric; additional light-emitting diodes that are configured to provide visual feedback that the three-dimensional hand gestures have been detected by the sensor; a microphone; and control circuitry configured to play media with the speaker based on voice commands received with the microphone. Patent Claim #16: The electronic device defined in claim 15 wherein the sensor that detects the three-dimensional hand gestures comprises an optical proximity sensor. Patent Claim #17: The electronic device defined in claim 15 wherein the sensor that detects the three-dimensional hand gestures comprises a capacitive proximity sensor. Patent Claim #25: An electronic device, comprising: a cylindrical housing having opposing upper and lower surfaces; a speaker mounted in the cylindrical housing; fabric covering the cylindrical housing; a sensor on the upper surface that detects three-dimensional hand gestures; a microphone; and control circuitry configured to play media with the speaker based on voice commands received with the microphone. Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report titled ""One of Apple's Next Health Sensors for iDevices could save your Life by Detecting Invisible Deadly Gases."" The patent covered a miniature gas sensor built-into future iDevices. In this particular patent about a future HomePod, Apple once again describes possible health sensors that are being considered that include: ""gas pressure sensors, carbon dioxide sensors and/or sensors measuring other gas concentrations. In addition Apple may include other sensors in future versions of HomePod including: ambient light sensors (visible light sensors, color sensitive light sensors, ultraviolet light sensors, etc.), optical proximity sensors, capacitive proximity sensors, temperature sensors (e.g., to measure ambient temperature), force sensors (e.g., for measuring biometric information, heart rate sensors, blood oxygen level sensors (e.g., based on emitted and detected light), electrocardiogram sensors (e.g., sensors for measuring electrical signals on a user's body), particulate sensors (e.g., sensors that use light measurements and/or other measurements to measure particulate concentration in the air), image sensors (cameras), position and/or orientation sensors (e.g., inertial measurement units based on one or more sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, and/or compasses), ultrasonic sensors that measure distance using echolocation (e.g., by emitting ultrasonic signals and detecting corresponding ultrasonic echoes with a microphone), accelerometers for gathering user tap input. In respect to a camera on HomePod, Apple notes that during operations, camera information may be gathered (e.g., by capturing images with one or more cameras to detect faces of individuals surrounding HomePod. Apple's patent FIG. 10 below is a top view of HomePod showing how different content may be displayed simultaneously on difference sides of the device for different respective viewers; FIG. 11 is a flow chart of illustrative operations involved in operating an electronic device that includes a camera or cameras. Further, Apple points to sensors that gather hand gestures and other three-dimensional gesture input (e.g., using optical sensing, capacitive sensing, etc.), etc. Audio and/or video feedback may be presented as sensors gather user input. For example, detected hand gestures can be accompanied by audible clicks and/or variations in light output that serve as feedback informing a user that the hand gestures have been successfully detected by the device (HomePod Apple or other devices. According to Apple, HomePod may analyze a user's voice (e.g., when a user is supplying voice commands such as database queries and/or other commands.) If vocal stress is detected in captured voice information, HomePod may make adjustments to content being presented to the user. For example, if voice loudness or stress patterns indicate that a user is stressed, the color and/or brightness of a lighting pattern on a visual output device in HomePod may be adjusted accordingly (e.g., to reflect elevated stress or to try to alleviate stress by creating a calming environment). In arrangements in which HomePod is displaying an avatar representing a digital assistant, the avatar (e.g., a humanistic avatar, a simplified graphical representation of a digital assistant such as an emoji-based avatar, etc.) may be adapted depending on the user's mood. If, for example, sadness is detected in the user's voice, the avatar may change accordingly (e.g., to a sad emoji to represent user sadness or to a happy emoji to counteract the detected sadness). The avatar can also be changed depending on the nature of content currently being presented to a user. If, for example, a user asks a digital assistant for information on purchasing a birthday gift, the digital assistant may use a happy emoji to present results. Elsewhere in the patent filing Apple notes that the content displayed on displays may include a text transcription of currently spoken voice commands or other voice input. This may help provide a user with visual feedback during voice interactions with HomePod. Text may be scrolled vertically and/or horizontally, may be displayed on a side of device facing a user and/or facing away from a nearby wall or other external obstruction, etc. Additional visual feedback may be provided in the form of an animated assistant. Apple's patent application was filed back in Q4 2017. Our cover graphic includes a combination of patent figures 1 & 10. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time. Apple's inventors include Mr. Gu: Senior Reliability Engineer; and Mr. Wang: Architect, Product Design. </s>" <s> Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that provides us with a peek at what could be coming to future versions of HomePod. While Apple could deliver these ideas in a single major upgrade, I suspect that Apple will have these features trickle out over several years. The big idea or secret sauce in this patent filing is that HomePod will be able to interpret three-dimensional hand gestures as a means of controlling the device so as to execute an action or function. Apple describes HomePod in this patent filing as a """countertop" "speaker.""" Apple's Patent Claims are the most important part of an invention and it's here where they cement their #1 hot feature 3D hand gesturing (or In-Air gesturing). A future HomePod may use a more intelligent mesh that's made of smart fabric in contrast to today's standard fabric mesh. Apple's patent FIG. 8 below is a perspective view of a fabric layer with openings in which light-emitting devices have been formed; FIG. 9 is a side view of an illustrative electronic device that is displaying content for a viewer. Apple also describes an alternative to a full cylindrical styled display by using a smart fabric that could have device light-emitting diodes that are configured to display alphanumeric characters through the fabric; additional light-emitting diodes to provide visual feedback. Patent Claim #1: An electronic device, comprising: a housing having a sidewall, wherein the sidewall has upper and lower regions and a middle region between the upper and lower regions; a microphone in the housing; a visual output device on the middle region of the sidewall; a speaker in the housing; control circuitry in the housing that is configured to: gather voice commands with the microphone; produce sound with the speaker in response to the voice commands; and display moving visual information using the visual output device; and fabric that overlaps the sidewall, wherein the fabric has first openings through which the sound passes and second openings through which light from the visual output device passes to display the moving visual information on the middle region of the sidewall of the housing. Patent Claim #11: An electronic device, comprising: a housing having cylindrical housing structures; a speaker mounted in the cylindrical housing structures; fabric covering the cylindrical housing structures; a sensor that detects three-dimensional hand gestures; light-emitting diodes that are configured to display alphanumeric characters through the fabric; additional light-emitting diodes that are configured to provide visual feedback that the three-dimensional hand gestures have been detected by the sensor; a microphone; and control circuitry configured to play media with the speaker based on voice commands received with the microphone. Patent Claim #16: The electronic device defined in claim 15 wherein the sensor that detects the three-dimensional hand gestures comprises an optical proximity sensor. Patent Claim #17: The electronic device defined in claim 15 wherein the sensor that detects the three-dimensional hand gestures comprises a capacitive proximity sensor. Patent Claim #25: An electronic device, comprising: a cylindrical housing having opposing upper and lower surfaces; a speaker mounted in the cylindrical housing; fabric covering the cylindrical housing; a sensor on the upper surface that detects three-dimensional hand gestures; a microphone; and control circuitry configured to play media with the speaker based on voice commands received with the microphone. Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report titled """One" of Apple's Next Health Sensors for iDevices could save your Life by Detecting Invisible Deadly "Gases.""" The patent covered a miniature gas sensor built-into future iDevices. In this particular patent about a future HomePod, Apple once again describes possible health sensors that are being considered that include: """gas" pressure sensors, carbon dioxide sensors and/or sensors measuring other gas concentrations. In addition Apple may include other sensors in future versions of HomePod including: ambient light sensors (visible light sensors, color sensitive light sensors, ultraviolet light sensors, etc.), optical proximity sensors, capacitive proximity sensors, temperature sensors (e.g., to measure ambient temperature), force sensors (e.g., for measuring biometric information, heart rate sensors, blood oxygen level sensors (e.g., based on emitted and detected light), electrocardiogram sensors (e.g., sensors for measuring electrical signals on a user's body), particulate sensors (e.g., sensors that use light measurements and/or other measurements to measure particulate concentration in the air), image sensors (cameras), position and/or orientation sensors (e.g., inertial measurement units based on one or more sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, and/or compasses), ultrasonic sensors that measure distance using echolocation (e.g., by emitting ultrasonic signals and detecting corresponding ultrasonic echoes with a microphone), accelerometers for gathering user tap input. In respect to a camera on HomePod, Apple notes that during operations, camera information may be gathered (e.g., by capturing images with one or more cameras to detect faces of individuals surrounding HomePod. Apple's patent FIG. 10 below is a top view of HomePod showing how different content may be displayed simultaneously on difference sides of the device for different respective viewers; FIG. 11 is a flow chart of illustrative operations involved in operating an electronic device that includes a camera or cameras. Further, Apple points to sensors that gather hand gestures and other three-dimensional gesture input (e.g., using optical sensing, capacitive sensing, etc.), etc. Audio and/or video feedback may be presented as sensors gather user input. For example, detected hand gestures can be accompanied by audible clicks and/or variations in light output that serve as feedback informing a user that the hand gestures have been successfully detected by the device (HomePod Apple or other devices. According to Apple, HomePod may analyze a user's voice (e.g., when a user is supplying voice commands such as database queries and/or other commands.) If vocal stress is detected in captured voice information, HomePod may make adjustments to content being presented to the user. For example, if voice loudness or stress patterns indicate that a user is stressed, the color and/or brightness of a lighting pattern on a visual output device in HomePod may be adjusted accordingly (e.g., to reflect elevated stress or to try to alleviate stress by creating a calming environment). In arrangements in which HomePod is displaying an avatar representing a digital assistant, the avatar (e.g., a humanistic avatar, a simplified graphical representation of a digital assistant such as an emoji-based avatar, etc.) may be adapted depending on the user's mood. If, for example, sadness is detected in the user's voice, the avatar may change accordingly (e.g., to a sad emoji to represent user sadness or to a happy emoji to counteract the detected sadness). The avatar can also be changed depending on the nature of content currently being presented to a user. If, for example, a user asks a digital assistant for information on purchasing a birthday gift, the digital assistant may use a happy emoji to present results. Elsewhere in the patent filing Apple notes that the content displayed on displays may include a text transcription of currently spoken voice commands or other voice input. This may help provide a user with visual feedback during voice interactions with HomePod. Text may be scrolled vertically and/or horizontally, may be displayed on a side of device facing a user and/or facing away from a nearby wall or other external obstruction, etc. Additional visual feedback may be provided in the form of an animated assistant. Apple's patent application was filed back in Q4 2017. Our cover graphic includes a combination of patent figures 1 & 10. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time. Apple's inventors include Mr. Gu: Senior Reliability Engineer; and Mr. Wang: Architect, Product Design. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> My phone was blowing up earlier this week with colleagues and friends asking my opinion of the 10 Harvard students who had their admissions canceled after posting offensive memes on social media. If you haven’t heard the story, a number of students who had been admitted to the school had connected on the Harvard College Class of 2021 Facebook group. Some kids then starting posting risqué memes and eventually created their own splinter Facebook group. And there things got more graphic with some kids publishing racist and obscene posts. Administrators found out and chose to rescind the admissions of 10 of the offending students. The story broke in the Harvard Crimson and soon went viral. Sadly, I’m not the least bit surprised by this story. I have heard variations before: Kids did dumb things online shortly after admission and didn’t get the chance to attend their dream school. An unknowable number of others, applying to Ivy League schools and junior colleges alike, don’t get accepted because of online mistakes and social media mess ups. And yes, I have chronicled many similar tales in my book How to Protect (Or Destroy) Your Reputation Online. You will be Googled when applying to college. Nearly 40% found positive information like undisclosed leadership roles and community service. But, nearly 37% found negative things like criminal offenses, photos of drug or alcohol use, instances of racial prejudice or inappropriate behavior. You will be Googled when applying for a job. 21% of employers actively look for reasons NOT to hire a candidate. They often find reasons to hire a person: personality seen as a good fit, applicant is well-rounded or candidate has good communications skills. 49% found reasons NOT to hire an applicant – finding provocative, inappropriate photos/videos or info about drinking and drug use. After sharing these statistics, I then explained to the college administrators that we need to educate students about the dos and don’ts of online reputation. Do keep your nose clean. The best way to have a good online reputation is to have a good offline reputation. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Be a good citizen. Be respectful of others and so on. Do build a reputational firewall. Register public social media accounts and be active. Work to gain control of the first page of search results for your name, which will make it easy for anyone researching you to find positive, authentic information about you. Do prepare. Understand that different solutions are available to combat online issues. Don’t try to stay off the grid. While we may want to avoid social media, it’s a mistake to try to stay off the grid. Google and search engines will find information about you, somewhere. It’s best to embrace the internet and publish your own information in a meaningful, controlled and authentic manner. Don’t hide behind privacy settings. Just because your account is private doesn’t mean that you are protected from an online mishap. The moment you post something online, even on Snapchat or Dust, you lose control of it. The person on the receiving end can make a copy and then share it. Just as text messages and e-mails can be captured and forwarded, so can all social media posts. In the end, there is no such thing as privacy. If you type it, expect that the world can see it. If you have a student or recent grad in your life, or if you are concerned about your online image, please embrace my advice and save yourself future online heartaches. I wish the kids formerly of Harvard had. More information on online reputation for students and “students of life” is available in How to Protect (Or Destroy) Your Reputation Online. Turns out that it’s a great graduation gift. </s>" <s> My phone was blowing up earlier this week with colleagues and friends asking my opinion of the 10 Harvard students who had their admissions canceled after posting offensive memes on social media. If you haven’t heard the story, a number of students who had been admitted to the school had connected on the Harvard College Class of 2021 Facebook group. Some kids then starting posting risqué memes and eventually created their own splinter Facebook group. And there things got more graphic with some kids publishing racist and obscene posts. Administrators found out and chose to rescind the admissions of 10 of the offending students. The story broke in the Harvard Crimson and soon went viral. Sadly, I’m not the least bit surprised by this story. I have heard variations before: Kids did dumb things online shortly after admission and didn’t get the chance to attend their dream school. An unknowable number of others, applying to Ivy League schools and junior colleges alike, don’t get accepted because of online mistakes and social media mess ups. And yes, I have chronicled many similar tales in my book How to Protect (Or Destroy) Your Reputation Online. You will be Googled when applying to college. Nearly 40% found positive information like undisclosed leadership roles and community service. But, nearly 37% found negative things like criminal offenses, photos of drug or alcohol use, instances of racial prejudice or inappropriate behavior. You will be Googled when applying for a job. 21% of employers actively look for reasons NOT to hire a candidate. They often find reasons to hire a person: personality seen as a good fit, applicant is well-rounded or candidate has good communications skills. 49% found reasons NOT to hire an applicant – finding provocative, inappropriate photos/videos or info about drinking and drug use. After sharing these statistics, I then explained to the college administrators that we need to educate students about the dos and don’ts of online reputation. Do keep your nose clean. The best way to have a good online reputation is to have a good offline reputation. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Be a good citizen. Be respectful of others and so on. Do build a reputational firewall. Register public social media accounts and be active. Work to gain control of the first page of search results for your name, which will make it easy for anyone researching you to find positive, authentic information about you. Do prepare. Understand that different solutions are available to combat online issues. Don’t try to stay off the grid. While we may want to avoid social media, it’s a mistake to try to stay off the grid. Google and search engines will find information about you, somewhere. It’s best to embrace the internet and publish your own information in a meaningful, controlled and authentic manner. Don’t hide behind privacy settings. Just because your account is private doesn’t mean that you are protected from an online mishap. The moment you post something online, even on Snapchat or Dust, you lose control of it. The person on the receiving end can make a copy and then share it. Just as text messages and e-mails can be captured and forwarded, so can all social media posts. In the end, there is no such thing as privacy. If you type it, expect that the world can see it. If you have a student or recent grad in your life, or if you are concerned about your online image, please embrace my advice and save yourself future online heartaches. I wish the kids formerly of Harvard had. More information on online reputation for students and “students of life” is available in How to Protect (Or Destroy) Your Reputation Online. Turns out that it’s a great graduation gift. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> View the ""CONVENIENCE STORE - GWYNEDD"" below and request further details. Alternatively, please view the similar businesses in the 'You May Also Like' box below. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a well established licensed convenience store which occupies a prominent trading position in the popular village of Llanfairpwll on the Isle of Anglesey. Apex Stores is located at the heart of the village, with no competition and ample parking facilities ensuring the business attracts both regular local and passing trade. Having successfully served the village for many years, this heavily relied upon business has forged strong relationships with the local community and subsequently boasts an extensive/loyal customer base. The store retails a range of confectionary, tobacco, traditional beers, wines, spirits, soft drinks, newspaper /magazine titles, convenience foods, dairy products as well as complimentary services such as the National Lottery, Paypoint and a heavily used ATM. The business is well fitted throughout with a comprehensive range of quality, valuable fixtures and fitments including an EPOS system, CCTV and ample refrigeration. The substantial property offers an excellent blend of spacious business and family accommodation. Apex Stores is a successful and lucrative business, yet still offers genuine scope for development. The business would ideally suit an energetic and ambitious family, who can exploit the potential for growth, yet keep additional overheads and staffing levels to a minimum to maximise overall profitability. To fully appreciate this truly first class business opportunity, viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment. </s>" <s> View the """CONVENIENCE" STORE - "GWYNEDD""" below and request further details. Alternatively, please view the similar businesses in the 'You May Also Like' box below. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a well established licensed convenience store which occupies a prominent trading position in the popular village of Llanfairpwll on the Isle of Anglesey. Apex Stores is located at the heart of the village, with no competition and ample parking facilities ensuring the business attracts both regular local and passing trade. Having successfully served the village for many years, this heavily relied upon business has forged strong relationships with the local community and subsequently boasts an extensive/loyal customer base. The store retails a range of confectionary, tobacco, traditional beers, wines, spirits, soft drinks, newspaper /magazine titles, convenience foods, dairy products as well as complimentary services such as the National Lottery, Paypoint and a heavily used ATM. The business is well fitted throughout with a comprehensive range of quality, valuable fixtures and fitments including an EPOS system, CCTV and ample refrigeration. The substantial property offers an excellent blend of spacious business and family accommodation. Apex Stores is a successful and lucrative business, yet still offers genuine scope for development. The business would ideally suit an energetic and ambitious family, who can exploit the potential for growth, yet keep additional overheads and staffing levels to a minimum to maximise overall profitability. To fully appreciate this truly first class business opportunity, viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Parents of a adolescent with gender anguish accept absent their babe afterwards an Ohio adjudicator disqualified that the teen’s grandparents now accept aegis rights of the child. The cardinal comes afterwards the 17-year-old biological girl, who identifies as a boy, declared the abridgement of abutment at home collection her to baleful tendencies and went to alive with her grandparents while sitting beneath the acting acknowledged administration of the Hamilton County Job and Ancestors Services. The boyhood and parents — who’ve requested to abide bearding to assure their aloofness — took their case to cloister afterwards medical experts accounted her case as a accessible “life-or-death situation.” The ancestor had banned to alarm his babe by her called name and the parents alone her macho identity, cloister annal claim, according to CNN. The boyhood was ailing in 2016 afterwards she contacted a crisis babble account advertence that she acquainted alarming at home with her parents and acquainted as if she ability aching herself badly. She was diagnosed with depression, an all-overs ataxia and gender dysphoria. The grandparents, who accept been admiring of her best to become a male, said they are able to accomplish medical decisions with the child, including to alpha hormone therapy, according to cloister documents. The parents, however, objected to any anatomy of hormone blockers, advertence that their babe isn’t accessible to accomplish such a life-changing accommodation and should delay until she is at atomic 18 years old. Unless the parents adjudge to address the ruling, the boyhood will abide beneath her grandparents’ aegis from actuality on out. </s>" <s> Parents of a adolescent with gender anguish accept absent their babe afterwards an Ohio adjudicator disqualified that the teen’s grandparents now accept aegis rights of the child. The cardinal comes afterwards the 17-year-old biological girl, who identifies as a boy, declared the abridgement of abutment at home collection her to baleful tendencies and went to alive with her grandparents while sitting beneath the acting acknowledged administration of the Hamilton County Job and Ancestors Services. The boyhood and parents — who’ve requested to abide bearding to assure their aloofness — took their case to cloister afterwards medical experts accounted her case as a accessible “life-or-death situation.” The ancestor had banned to alarm his babe by her called name and the parents alone her macho identity, cloister annal claim, according to CNN. The boyhood was ailing in 2016 afterwards she contacted a crisis babble account advertence that she acquainted alarming at home with her parents and acquainted as if she ability aching herself badly. She was diagnosed with depression, an all-overs ataxia and gender dysphoria. The grandparents, who accept been admiring of her best to become a male, said they are able to accomplish medical decisions with the child, including to alpha hormone therapy, according to cloister documents. The parents, however, objected to any anatomy of hormone blockers, advertence that their babe isn’t accessible to accomplish such a life-changing accommodation and should delay until she is at atomic 18 years old. Unless the parents adjudge to address the ruling, the boyhood will abide beneath her grandparents’ aegis from actuality on out. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> What's better than a big pool on a hot day?! Welcome to 2109 W. Monterey. Traditional Burbank Charm can be found here in this 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom remodeled home. This home is equipped with a beautifully updated kitchen, a spacious living room, central A/C with NEST system, and a true master suite with private bathroom and walk-in closet. The master bedroom looks out to a large pool and a backyard with grassy area. Where better to host a BBQ on a summer day in Burbank? </s>" <s> What's better than a big pool on a hot day?! Welcome to 2109 W. Monterey. Traditional Burbank Charm can be found here in this 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom remodeled home. This home is equipped with a beautifully updated kitchen, a spacious living room, central A/C with NEST system, and a true master suite with private bathroom and walk-in closet. The master bedroom looks out to a large pool and a backyard with grassy area. Where better to host a BBQ on a summer day in Burbank? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> We have a full range of fishing equipment instore including rods, reels, line, storage, weights and hooks. We also supply oyster dredging equipment and cray/cod posts – small, commercial and recreational. We have a range of dive gear for sale in our shop from Dive suits to spearfishing, booties, masks & snorkels, BCD, regulators, dive alerts and cylinders. If you can provide your Dive certification to us, Dive hire gear consists of Tanks, BCD’s, REG’s and weight belts with weights. An air compressor is also available on site to fill your cylinders and we can organise testing of your tanks and fill them when they return. Our hire gear is regularly checked and all cylinders in date and filled ready to go by our clean air ticketed compressor and qualified fillers. Mares | Atlantis | Wettie | Splash | Adrenalin | Apollo | and many more – if we don’t have what you need in store we will have no problem getting it in for you. We carry a full range of safety equipment to keep you and your crew safe including flares, EPIRB, PLB, VHF, life jacket LED lights, servicing of EPIRB and PLB’s and many more. We supply and install a wide range of state of the art electronic equipment. </s>" <s> We have a full range of fishing equipment instore including rods, reels, line, storage, weights and hooks. We also supply oyster dredging equipment and cray/cod posts – small, commercial and recreational. We have a range of dive gear for sale in our shop from Dive suits to spearfishing, booties, masks & snorkels, BCD, regulators, dive alerts and cylinders. If you can provide your Dive certification to us, Dive hire gear consists of Tanks, BCD’s, REG’s and weight belts with weights. An air compressor is also available on site to fill your cylinders and we can organise testing of your tanks and fill them when they return. Our hire gear is regularly checked and all cylinders in date and filled ready to go by our clean air ticketed compressor and qualified fillers. Mares | Atlantis | Wettie | Splash | Adrenalin | Apollo | and many more – if we don’t have what you need in store we will have no problem getting it in for you. We carry a full range of safety equipment to keep you and your crew safe including flares, EPIRB, PLB, VHF, life jacket LED lights, servicing of EPIRB and PLB’s and many more. We supply and install a wide range of state of the art electronic equipment. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The new pop-up box dispenser for these premium quality Kleenex brand tissue paper towels means there’s no need for dispenser refilling. A neat, tidy, splash-resistant storage solution that keeps mess and fuss to a minimum, dispensing individual sheets quickly and hygienically. Executive Kleenex luxury cloth materials ensure a fantastically soft and smooth textile feel, with extremely robust and absorbent qualities thanks to patented AIRFLEX® paper fabric technology giving a thicker and more indulgent feel. The standalone nature of this high-end product offers a luxury hand-drying facility anywhere, anytime. </s>" <s> The new pop-up box dispenser for these premium quality Kleenex brand tissue paper towels means there’s no need for dispenser refilling. A neat, tidy, splash-resistant storage solution that keeps mess and fuss to a minimum, dispensing individual sheets quickly and hygienically. Executive Kleenex luxury cloth materials ensure a fantastically soft and smooth textile feel, with extremely robust and absorbent qualities thanks to patented AIRFLEX® paper fabric technology giving a thicker and more indulgent feel. The standalone nature of this high-end product offers a luxury hand-drying facility anywhere, anytime. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Imagine sitting on the edge of a canal in Hoi An Ancient town, silk lanterns light up the walkways and lotus flower candles float lazily on water. The gentle sound of someone playing a Vietnamese flute reaches your ears, while the scent of grilled sea bass and lemongrass fills the air. Now imagine all the historic beauty of Hoi An transferred to an elegant rooftop restaurant in the centre of Saigon. When you enter Hội An Sense, it is obvious that your dining experience will go beyond the ordinary. Pillars of ancient Lim wood rise up to the wooden rafters, each carved with intricate traditional Vietnamese designs. The restaurant is warmed by the deep red of the wood and soft lighting, while the teal of the hand-painted ceramic plates, the curtains and the tablecloths will remind you of the serenity of water. The picture windows open to a breathtaking view of the Saigon skyline. Hội An Sense is located in the convenient Dakao ward in District 1, which is the central point between District 2 and downtown Ho Chi Minh City. Since 1998, Hội An Sense, formerly Hội An Restaurant previously located on Le Thanh Ton street, has been wowing customers with its perfectly harmonised combination of decor, Central Vietnamese cuisine and its nightly entertainment shows of live Vietnamese traditional dance, music performances and floating lantern ritual. Dignitaries such as the Prime Minister of Russia, the Queen and King of Spain, the former President of Iceland and the Prince of Denmark have chosen Hội An Sense as their restaurant of choice while visiting Ho Chi Minh City. Indeed, the cuisine at Hội An Sense is both refined enough for those with the most discerning palates as well as a delightful experience for any guest who loves excellent food. While the dishes follow the signature culinary traditions of Central Vietnam the presentation and ingredients are far from everyday. The Bánh Quai Vạc Nhân Tôm và Sò Điệp (Steamed Tapioca Flour Dumplings with Shrimp and Scallop), is arranged on the plate like flower petals. Visually the deep orange of the shrimp contrasts perfectly with the green chives and white dumplings. One of the most popular dishes at Hội An Sense is the Spring Rolls “Hoi An” Style. The rolls are filled with minced shrimp and pork and enrobed in rice paper and sesame seeds. They are served with a special dipping sauce, which is made out of gạch tôm (shrimp heads) that are cooked with spices and blended into a savoury paste.Each dish is designed to entice your senses, from the scent of the food to the composition on the plate to the all important flavour. One of the special features of Hội An Sense is their extensive selection of Set Menus. Tasting menus can be prepared for a minimum of two people and include six to nine different dishes. From meats marinated in “secret” sauces that have been passed down through generations to the warming taste of Vietnamese traditional sweet tofu with ginger syrup, diners can indulge in all the phenomenal flavours of Central Vietnamese food. The dishes marry nicely with the Morning Light beverage, which is a combination of chrysanthemum tea, lychee, honey and lotus beans. Or for those who are connoisseurs of wine, Hội An Sense has a wide-ranging wine list that features bottles from France, Italy, Spain and Chile among other regions. Wines can be paired with each course upon request. Choose a table next to the relaxing Koi fish pond where you can have a perfect view of the stage if you would like to enjoy the performances that will give you a taste of the traditional culture and heritage of Vietnam. Or reserve a place near the windows where the lights from the city will beckon as you enjoy the opulent beauty of the food and decor. Hội An Sense is an excellent choice for a wonderful evening meal but the delicious set lunches make the restaurant ideal for a peaceful lunchtime getaway as well. Whether you were a regular at the restaurant’s previous location or a first-time visitor, you’ll be impressed by the attention to detail that went into creating the decor, the atmosphere, and most importantly the food at Hội An Sense. Don’t miss out, book your table today to experience the best of Hoi An right in the centre of Saigon. Hội An Sense is housed in the Opus Saigon building, which is also part of the Oriental Saigon restaurant group. Hội An Sense is perched on the sixth floor of the building, which also features five floors filled with reception and private dining rooms of different styles and sizes. The location is perfect for creating a bespoke event. The King room on the 1st floor can host up to 100 people for a seated dinner, while the Melody room is ideal for an intimate gathering for 12. Melody features a space filled with rare feng shui artefacts and a seating area for guests to relax with fine wine and cigars. There is even a grand piano for a musical evening. The Gourmet room has an open-space kitchen located within the room, so that guests can watch the chef’s performance as he or she prepares the dishes. The best part of these private dining rooms? You only need to reserve in advance and decide on the menu, Opus will do the rest. The team at Opus Saigon can tailor the menu to your needs and create the right mood for a wedding reception, a birthday dinner or even a company gala event. Your friends and colleagues will feel like VIP guests as they’re hosted in an exclusive space with food to match the luxurious atmosphere. Open hours: Morning: 11:30 a.m. to 1:45 p.m. Dinner: 5:30 p.m. to 10:45 p.m. </s>" <s> Imagine sitting on the edge of a canal in Hoi An Ancient town, silk lanterns light up the walkways and lotus flower candles float lazily on water. The gentle sound of someone playing a Vietnamese flute reaches your ears, while the scent of grilled sea bass and lemongrass fills the air. Now imagine all the historic beauty of Hoi An transferred to an elegant rooftop restaurant in the centre of Saigon. When you enter Hội An Sense, it is obvious that your dining experience will go beyond the ordinary. Pillars of ancient Lim wood rise up to the wooden rafters, each carved with intricate traditional Vietnamese designs. The restaurant is warmed by the deep red of the wood and soft lighting, while the teal of the hand-painted ceramic plates, the curtains and the tablecloths will remind you of the serenity of water. The picture windows open to a breathtaking view of the Saigon skyline. Hội An Sense is located in the convenient Dakao ward in District 1, which is the central point between District 2 and downtown Ho Chi Minh City. Since 1998, Hội An Sense, formerly Hội An Restaurant previously located on Le Thanh Ton street, has been wowing customers with its perfectly harmonised combination of decor, Central Vietnamese cuisine and its nightly entertainment shows of live Vietnamese traditional dance, music performances and floating lantern ritual. Dignitaries such as the Prime Minister of Russia, the Queen and King of Spain, the former President of Iceland and the Prince of Denmark have chosen Hội An Sense as their restaurant of choice while visiting Ho Chi Minh City. Indeed, the cuisine at Hội An Sense is both refined enough for those with the most discerning palates as well as a delightful experience for any guest who loves excellent food. While the dishes follow the signature culinary traditions of Central Vietnam the presentation and ingredients are far from everyday. The Bánh Quai Vạc Nhân Tôm và Sò Điệp (Steamed Tapioca Flour Dumplings with Shrimp and Scallop), is arranged on the plate like flower petals. Visually the deep orange of the shrimp contrasts perfectly with the green chives and white dumplings. One of the most popular dishes at Hội An Sense is the Spring Rolls “Hoi An” Style. The rolls are filled with minced shrimp and pork and enrobed in rice paper and sesame seeds. They are served with a special dipping sauce, which is made out of gạch tôm (shrimp heads) that are cooked with spices and blended into a savoury paste.Each dish is designed to entice your senses, from the scent of the food to the composition on the plate to the all important flavour. One of the special features of Hội An Sense is their extensive selection of Set Menus. Tasting menus can be prepared for a minimum of two people and include six to nine different dishes. From meats marinated in “secret” sauces that have been passed down through generations to the warming taste of Vietnamese traditional sweet tofu with ginger syrup, diners can indulge in all the phenomenal flavours of Central Vietnamese food. The dishes marry nicely with the Morning Light beverage, which is a combination of chrysanthemum tea, lychee, honey and lotus beans. Or for those who are connoisseurs of wine, Hội An Sense has a wide-ranging wine list that features bottles from France, Italy, Spain and Chile among other regions. Wines can be paired with each course upon request. Choose a table next to the relaxing Koi fish pond where you can have a perfect view of the stage if you would like to enjoy the performances that will give you a taste of the traditional culture and heritage of Vietnam. Or reserve a place near the windows where the lights from the city will beckon as you enjoy the opulent beauty of the food and decor. Hội An Sense is an excellent choice for a wonderful evening meal but the delicious set lunches make the restaurant ideal for a peaceful lunchtime getaway as well. Whether you were a regular at the restaurant’s previous location or a first-time visitor, you’ll be impressed by the attention to detail that went into creating the decor, the atmosphere, and most importantly the food at Hội An Sense. Don’t miss out, book your table today to experience the best of Hoi An right in the centre of Saigon. Hội An Sense is housed in the Opus Saigon building, which is also part of the Oriental Saigon restaurant group. Hội An Sense is perched on the sixth floor of the building, which also features five floors filled with reception and private dining rooms of different styles and sizes. The location is perfect for creating a bespoke event. The King room on the 1st floor can host up to 100 people for a seated dinner, while the Melody room is ideal for an intimate gathering for 12. Melody features a space filled with rare feng shui artefacts and a seating area for guests to relax with fine wine and cigars. There is even a grand piano for a musical evening. The Gourmet room has an open-space kitchen located within the room, so that guests can watch the chef’s performance as he or she prepares the dishes. The best part of these private dining rooms? You only need to reserve in advance and decide on the menu, Opus will do the rest. The team at Opus Saigon can tailor the menu to your needs and create the right mood for a wedding reception, a birthday dinner or even a company gala event. Your friends and colleagues will feel like VIP guests as they’re hosted in an exclusive space with food to match the luxurious atmosphere. Open hours: Morning: 11:30 a.m. to 1:45 p.m. Dinner: 5:30 p.m. to 10:45 p.m. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> A legacy strains original Bred by a chooses to remain Anonymous farmer in Humboldt county, The cross is (cantaloupe haze X Blackberry) X Blackberry. The smell and flavor is as you would expect, Blackberry with hints of Melon. A true hybrid, functional while being cerebral. It's a strain we are especially proud of. </s>" <s> A legacy strains original Bred by a chooses to remain Anonymous farmer in Humboldt county, The cross is (cantaloupe haze X Blackberry) X Blackberry. The smell and flavor is as you would expect, Blackberry with hints of Melon. A true hybrid, functional while being cerebral. It's a strain we are especially proud of. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Did you know that photos that are predominantly blue draw more likes than photos that are red? Read on for more Instagram insights. What types of photos make you click the like button on Instagram? Do click like on a photo that’s predominantly blue? Or, do you prefer photos that have a significant amount of texture? How much background do you prefer to see in an image? You’ve never pondered any of these questions before, have you? That’s OK. Most of us probably haven’t. Thankfully, Curalate answered them for us. Curalate analyzed 8 million Instagram photos and determined what image qualities drive the most engagement. It compiled the results in this infographic. Bright images drive 24 percent more likes than dark images. Images that are predominantly blue bring in 24 percent more likes than images that are predominantly red. Images with a high amount of background drive 29 percent more likes than images without. Images with a single dominant color bring in 17 percent more likes than images with multiple dominant colors. And we couldn’t leave this one out: Duck-face selfies drive 1,112 percent more likes than traditional selfies. </s>" <s> Did you know that photos that are predominantly blue draw more likes than photos that are red? Read on for more Instagram insights. What types of photos make you click the like button on Instagram? Do click like on a photo that’s predominantly blue? Or, do you prefer photos that have a significant amount of texture? How much background do you prefer to see in an image? You’ve never pondered any of these questions before, have you? That’s OK. Most of us probably haven’t. Thankfully, Curalate answered them for us. Curalate analyzed 8 million Instagram photos and determined what image qualities drive the most engagement. It compiled the results in this infographic. Bright images drive 24 percent more likes than dark images. Images that are predominantly blue bring in 24 percent more likes than images that are predominantly red. Images with a high amount of background drive 29 percent more likes than images without. Images with a single dominant color bring in 17 percent more likes than images with multiple dominant colors. And we couldn’t leave this one out: Duck-face selfies drive 1,112 percent more likes than traditional selfies. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> : My past 2 year rent stabilzation lease ended April 2000. While I've been paying the old rent on a month to month basis, I've also included a note reminding him (like I should remind him) that my lease expired, and I would appreciate another 2 year lease. So far I've not heard a peep from this landlord. I've been a model tenant for 15 years, and its only been the past 2 leases that he hasn't given me my new lease on time, with DHCR papers attached. : I've seen most of the original tenants leave since he turned this building co-op 12 years ago. Some tenants didn't receive renewed leases, others were delayed leases, and with many he did the ""revolving court dance"" for various reasons (some weren't justifiable but tenants moved away). : What guiles me is that since the recent 2 year percentage increase is more than the 1998s, I believe he's waiting till the new increases goes into effect come October 2000. Can he just utilize October 2000's rent increase? Anyone have any views on this? </s>" <s> : My past 2 year rent stabilzation lease ended April 2000. While I've been paying the old rent on a month to month basis, I've also included a note reminding him (like I should remind him) that my lease expired, and I would appreciate another 2 year lease. So far I've not heard a peep from this landlord. I've been a model tenant for 15 years, and its only been the past 2 leases that he hasn't given me my new lease on time, with DHCR papers attached. : I've seen most of the original tenants leave since he turned this building co-op 12 years ago. Some tenants didn't receive renewed leases, others were delayed leases, and with many he did the """revolving" court "dance""" for various reasons (some weren't justifiable but tenants moved away). : What guiles me is that since the recent 2 year percentage increase is more than the 1998s, I believe he's waiting till the new increases goes into effect come October 2000. Can he just utilize October 2000's rent increase? Anyone have any views on this? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> The New Dunkin' Plaza located at 613 Washington Street Middletown is now 100% leased. The plaza which opened with the grand opening of the Dunkin' Donuts store in October of 2008 is now 100% leased, according to Wayne D'Amico, CCIM, the exclusive broker for the Meriden based Batista Companies, a premier Dunkin' Franchisee with stores in Middletown, Meriden, Cheshire, Durham and Cromwell Connecticut. The new stores include Old Glory Music and Entertainment emporium and Pocket Wireless. </s>" <s> The New Dunkin' Plaza located at 613 Washington Street Middletown is now 100% leased. The plaza which opened with the grand opening of the Dunkin' Donuts store in October of 2008 is now 100% leased, according to Wayne D'Amico, CCIM, the exclusive broker for the Meriden based Batista Companies, a premier Dunkin' Franchisee with stores in Middletown, Meriden, Cheshire, Durham and Cromwell Connecticut. The new stores include Old Glory Music and Entertainment emporium and Pocket Wireless. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> We are expecting record-breaking numbers of campers this summer, so we need to ensure that all of our camp property is clean and tidy, that new work projects for the new season get started, and that our camp is ready to welcome our spring retreat groups, as well as all our summer 2019 campers! We need YOU to join us at Camp Kwasind for the entire weekend or even just the day on Saturday! All ages and skill sets are welcome – we have jobs for everyone! To help plan accommodations, meals and job allocations, please register below. </s>" <s> We are expecting record-breaking numbers of campers this summer, so we need to ensure that all of our camp property is clean and tidy, that new work projects for the new season get started, and that our camp is ready to welcome our spring retreat groups, as well as all our summer 2019 campers! We need YOU to join us at Camp Kwasind for the entire weekend or even just the day on Saturday! All ages and skill sets are welcome – we have jobs for everyone! To help plan accommodations, meals and job allocations, please register below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> NC Contact Taledo with NOAH Connect! Taledo is a curated recruiting platform connecting the top 10% of candidates with outstanding companies in Europe’s tech ecosystem. Primarily focused on digital roles, Taledo has been responsible for key strategic hires, as well as building out complete business units at organizations of all sizes, ranging from DAX corporations to early-stage startups. </s>" <s> NC Contact Taledo with NOAH Connect! Taledo is a curated recruiting platform connecting the top 10% of candidates with outstanding companies in Europe’s tech ecosystem. Primarily focused on digital roles, Taledo has been responsible for key strategic hires, as well as building out complete business units at organizations of all sizes, ranging from DAX corporations to early-stage startups. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> I have the pleasure of going to a lot of classic car shows and weekly cruise nights and one reason I hear a lot for not wanting to get any kind of insurance is that the car is in storage not being driven. While there are many reasons why you should still insure your classic this is a recent losses and lessons from Hagerty claims giving just one example of why at least some coverage is so important even if you aren't driving your antique/classic car. WHAT WENT WRONG: The vehicle was stored in a rural warehouse in the Midwest that hadn’t been inspected in years. The rafters were rotten, the roof couldn’t support the weight of the snow and ice and the building collapsed on several vehicles being stored inside. Our client was fortunate, as only part of the building collapsed and crushed just one of the five cars he was storing inside. The roof of the BMW was nearly flattened, breaking all window glass and bending the door frames. In addition, a beam ripped a large gash in the trunk and blew out the tail lights. DAMAGE/LOSS: The car was a total loss. Hagerty paid the client $9,000 – the Guaranteed Value of the vehicle. LESSON: Whenever you store a vehicle, make sure the building you’re storing it in can handle the weight of the snow and that the rafters have been inspected recently to ensure they are sound. If you are paying for storage, never take it for granted that the building owner has insurance to cover the contents. The owner likely carries only enough insurance to cover losses to his structure, not what’s inside. Always insure your vehicle, and make sure it is stored away from objects that could fall on it. Check out our Classic Car Insurance page for more information or call our office for a Quote today! </s>" <s> I have the pleasure of going to a lot of classic car shows and weekly cruise nights and one reason I hear a lot for not wanting to get any kind of insurance is that the car is in storage not being driven. While there are many reasons why you should still insure your classic this is a recent losses and lessons from Hagerty claims giving just one example of why at least some coverage is so important even if you aren't driving your antique/classic car. WHAT WENT WRONG: The vehicle was stored in a rural warehouse in the Midwest that hadn’t been inspected in years. The rafters were rotten, the roof couldn’t support the weight of the snow and ice and the building collapsed on several vehicles being stored inside. Our client was fortunate, as only part of the building collapsed and crushed just one of the five cars he was storing inside. The roof of the BMW was nearly flattened, breaking all window glass and bending the door frames. In addition, a beam ripped a large gash in the trunk and blew out the tail lights. DAMAGE/LOSS: The car was a total loss. Hagerty paid the client $9,000 – the Guaranteed Value of the vehicle. LESSON: Whenever you store a vehicle, make sure the building you’re storing it in can handle the weight of the snow and that the rafters have been inspected recently to ensure they are sound. If you are paying for storage, never take it for granted that the building owner has insurance to cover the contents. The owner likely carries only enough insurance to cover losses to his structure, not what’s inside. Always insure your vehicle, and make sure it is stored away from objects that could fall on it. Check out our Classic Car Insurance page for more information or call our office for a Quote today! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Winetricks is a helper script to download and install various redistributable runtime libraries needed to run some programs in Wine. These may include replacements for components of Wine using closed source libraries. Note: Although using winetricks may be very useful for getting some programs working in Wine, doing so may limit your ability to get support though WineHQ. In particular, reporting bugs may not be possible if you've replaced parts of Wine with it. See Reporting bugs after you have used Winetricks below. Note: Some of the packages listed below may not work well with older versions of Wine. As always we recommend you use the latest version of Wine. The script is maintained by Austin English at http://winetricks.org. The latest release is available at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Winetricks/winetricks/master/src/winetricks. Right-click on that link and use 'Save As' to save a fresh copy. Also, some winetricks ""packages"" require a few external tools to be installed, namely: cabextract, unzip, p7zip, wget (or curl). For GUI support, either zenity or kdialog. Linux users can usually get these via their distribution's package management system. will install both the corefonts and vcrun6 packages. Executes given verbs. Each verb installs an application or changes a setting. installs the mfc40 package in the `~/.winetest` prefix. installs the mfc40 package using the Wine in the ~/wine-git directory. Please do not report bugs if you have used winetricks to install native (ie non Wine) files, as we cannot support Microsoft dlls. Using winetricks to install gecko, mono, and fakeie6 options is acceptable for bug reports - just be sure to mention that's what you've done. Additionally if you found it necessary to use winetricks for an application please mention it when submitting to the AppDB, mailing lists, and other Wine resources. Winetricks has a bug tracking system at http://winetricks.org, please use it. If you don't want to get an account there to file a bug, posting on the wine user forum may also eventually get noticed. It's easy to install an entire wineprefix, so by default, winetricks installs each app into its own Wine prefix, and offers an easy way to remove wineprefixes and the menu items they created. If for some reason, you still don't want to fiddle at all with your Wine prefixes, Wine does offer a built-in Uninstaller program. Like the Windows ""Add/Remove Programs"" applet though, it only recognizes programs installed by well-behaved Windows installers that respect the registry, like InstallShield or WISE. There are no guarantees it will work with a program installed by Winetricks or other installers like .msi packages. It's not necessary to install winetricks to use it. You may choose to install winetricks in a global location so you can just type winetricks on the command line. Some Linux distributions include winetricks in their Wine packages, so you don't have to download it separately. You probably do want to follow these steps, if the distributions packaged winetricks version lags behind the current winetricks release (e.g. Debian/Ubuntu users). http://www.cabextract.org.uk/ -- cabextract is a tool for extracting MS cabinet files under Unix environments. This page was last modified on 30 August 2018, at 09:53. </s>" <s> Winetricks is a helper script to download and install various redistributable runtime libraries needed to run some programs in Wine. These may include replacements for components of Wine using closed source libraries. Note: Although using winetricks may be very useful for getting some programs working in Wine, doing so may limit your ability to get support though WineHQ. In particular, reporting bugs may not be possible if you've replaced parts of Wine with it. See Reporting bugs after you have used Winetricks below. Note: Some of the packages listed below may not work well with older versions of Wine. As always we recommend you use the latest version of Wine. The script is maintained by Austin English at http://winetricks.org. The latest release is available at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Winetricks/winetricks/master/src/winetricks. Right-click on that link and use 'Save As' to save a fresh copy. Also, some winetricks """packages""" require a few external tools to be installed, namely: cabextract, unzip, p7zip, wget (or curl). For GUI support, either zenity or kdialog. Linux users can usually get these via their distribution's package management system. will install both the corefonts and vcrun6 packages. Executes given verbs. Each verb installs an application or changes a setting. installs the mfc40 package in the `~/.winetest` prefix. installs the mfc40 package using the Wine in the ~/wine-git directory. Please do not report bugs if you have used winetricks to install native (ie non Wine) files, as we cannot support Microsoft dlls. Using winetricks to install gecko, mono, and fakeie6 options is acceptable for bug reports - just be sure to mention that's what you've done. Additionally if you found it necessary to use winetricks for an application please mention it when submitting to the AppDB, mailing lists, and other Wine resources. Winetricks has a bug tracking system at http://winetricks.org, please use it. If you don't want to get an account there to file a bug, posting on the wine user forum may also eventually get noticed. It's easy to install an entire wineprefix, so by default, winetricks installs each app into its own Wine prefix, and offers an easy way to remove wineprefixes and the menu items they created. If for some reason, you still don't want to fiddle at all with your Wine prefixes, Wine does offer a built-in Uninstaller program. Like the Windows """Add/Remove" "Programs""" applet though, it only recognizes programs installed by well-behaved Windows installers that respect the registry, like InstallShield or WISE. There are no guarantees it will work with a program installed by Winetricks or other installers like .msi packages. It's not necessary to install winetricks to use it. You may choose to install winetricks in a global location so you can just type winetricks on the command line. Some Linux distributions include winetricks in their Wine packages, so you don't have to download it separately. You probably do want to follow these steps, if the distributions packaged winetricks version lags behind the current winetricks release (e.g. Debian/Ubuntu users). http://www.cabextract.org.uk/ -- cabextract is a tool for extracting MS cabinet files under Unix environments. This page was last modified on 30 August 2018, at 09:53. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making payments of nearly $15.5 million to 188 producers through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program. Many funding recipients are located in Western’s territory, with the most grants by state going to Kansas. Most of the nine recipients were ethanol producers. California and Iowa received seven grants each, primarily for biodiesel transesterification projects in both states. See the full list of funded projects. Algae, as a future of biofuel production, will be a central subject of discussions at the Biofuel Market and Technologies 2013, conference to be held in Tel Aviv. The market study Global Biofuel Production Forecast 2015-2020 also emphasizes importance of algae as a viable energy source. </s>" <s> The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making payments of nearly $15.5 million to 188 producers through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program. Many funding recipients are located in Western’s territory, with the most grants by state going to Kansas. Most of the nine recipients were ethanol producers. California and Iowa received seven grants each, primarily for biodiesel transesterification projects in both states. See the full list of funded projects. Algae, as a future of biofuel production, will be a central subject of discussions at the Biofuel Market and Technologies 2013, conference to be held in Tel Aviv. The market study Global Biofuel Production Forecast 2015-2020 also emphasizes importance of algae as a viable energy source. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> I cannot help but to feel that today’s gospel reading seemed to be asking us to be “wasteful”. That is exactly how it is in our world today. We have no qualms discarding everything and anything – we do not fix things anymore. In relation to that, nothing seemed to be built to last anymore because there will no longer be “recurring revenue” if things cannot be broken or spoiled. From a different perspective, it also tells us how we are expected to be “perfect” while knowing the fact that we are mere humans with unique weaknesses. The only take away I can think of is that we should all try to be good. I do not really subscribe to the fact that God punishes His children and thus, I am not taking the reading literally. The way I like to see it is that, we should not be complacent but instead strive for the best in life be it spiritual or otherwise. We should also share our talents with others so that they will be inspired. A few years ago, I came across a photographer named Willian Wegman. Mr. Wegman captured the hearts of many with his creative and beautiful photographs of his Weimaraner dogs, namely Man Ray and Fay Ray. The picture of Weimaraners on the packaging of the dog food I bought today reminded me of Mr. Wegman’s photography work with his beautiful dogs. The following photos are inspired by Mr. Wegman. My wife and I celebrated our 11th wedding anniversary last week. Nothing to shout about because it is not a silver or golden jubilee but nonetheless, we are still working on it – our marriage. In the fast paced world we live in today, we often ask ourselves “what is the end game”? For a sustainable business, the end game would be to have referable customers to give good testimonials about our services to new prospects in hopes that they will end up being our customers. For this post, I would like to write about one of the clear indications that a marriage is heading towards divorce even before it begins. When we attended the marriage preparation course, the initial question the presenting couple asked us was whether we have signed any prenuptial agreement and if we did, they would not allow us to continue attending the course. But of course we were young and so in love that we did not even understand what a prenuptial agreement was and let alone signed one. In hindsight, I am glad that was the case. I have come to understand that a prenuptial agreement is a contract with the “end game” in mind. There really is no point in getting married when either one of the two people agree to having a prenuptial agreement. This is a clear indication of one’s non-committal behavior towards the union. There is enough distrust in the relationship to afford an “what if” situation. Perhaps it is a lack of faith but whatever the reason, I am opined that it is best not to get married to a spouse who demands or even considers a prenuptial agreement. A marriage is the commitment of two people who have made and will always make a conscious decision to love each other every single day of their lives until death to them part. In marriage, we give ourselves fully to our spouse – a 100%. But a prenuptial agreement is 2% less. There really should not be Plan B or C in a marriage. We stick to our vows no matter what happens. As we celebrated our 11th year together as husband and wife, I was reminded of that one question that helped me make the decision that she is the one. And like our wedding vows, the answer is YES! If you are considering marriage at the moment, I hope your end game is Till Death Do Us Part. I wish you all the blessings and graces for an everlasting marriage! You can read Part I by clicking here. I’ve had these cactus pads for more than a year now and in fact, most from the initial plant has rotten away before I decided to salvage what seemed to be healthy. In some cultures, it is a taboo to keep cactus plants in living spaces because of their sharp thorns or spines that are believed to cause more “harm” than good. After replanting them in a bigger pot, I also re-positioned them to where they will be able to get more sunlight. The gospel reading last week talked about getting a good rest and this week the gospel seemed to be about growth. I cannot help but to relate the readings to the situation I had with these cactus pads. Not only have I not planted them on good and suitable soil, they have been deprived of the nourishment they needed to thrive. Just like how newborns need their sleep as part of growth, adults too need to rest so that our bodies will be able to rejuvenate and “repair” what is damaged. Spiritually speaking, we need to be still and in the quietness, reflect to find the inspiration we need to grow as a person. I chance upon an article on my favorite self-help blog Pick The Brain and through it, found a TED talk by Susan Cain about The Power Of Introverts. It is interesting how all the experiences in the past two weeks coupled with the discoveries of the article and video seemed to be intertwined and run in parallel. We are so distracted in this instant gratified world that we have often forgotten to pause and invest some quiet time for growth. I hope you will have a good week learning something new and worthwhile in your journey towards growth. Here I am trying to recall and recollect what has taken place the entire past week. Nothing inspiring worth sharing because I am still coping with losing two people due to relocation. I still hope that one of them would resume his presence online as soon as he is settled at the new base. Whatever it is, we are often lonely in different ways. Last weekend, there was a huge Pride Parade at downtown Toronto and the topic of LGBTQ+ became a discussion (once again). One of the many things that is very difficult to define with precise certainty. I think like most things in life, people in general are seeking acceptance and a sense of belonging. We are trying to fill the void in certain aspects of our lives. Most of all, we are seeking for companionship and love. We want to be heard, affirmed of our self-worth, and be valued by someone else. We are now living a highly pressurized and challenging world where people are easily provoked. The more connected we are through the internet, the more disconnected we are in the real world. It is now quite difficult for us to hold a lengthy conversation because it has been reduced to “what’s in it for me?”, “what do you have that I need?”, or “how can you be of benefit to me?”. We seemed to have grown into this “selling oneself” culture whereby we are either selling a product, a service, or even prostituting ourselves just to get by in life. In the end, we yearn for what is left of our dignity and self-worth. We become jaded as to what are our talents, values, morality, principles, ethics, and purposes. If only we can all love a little more by being compassionate to one another. By understanding the fact that each one of us is seeking our spot in this huge planet – to be counted and valued. To also understand that often times, the level of wisdom and intellect of a person can be confined by the circumstances that are totally out of their control. We must love enough to know that for each person to come to his or her own, he or she needs time, the right opportunities, and guidance. Therefore, if you come across a person not up to your standards or expectations, perhaps it is your opportunity to learn new ways of leadership and be the change he or she needs so desperately to turn life around. As we begin a new day, let’s ask ourselves – Have you found LOVE today? </s>" <s> I cannot help but to feel that today’s gospel reading seemed to be asking us to be “wasteful”. That is exactly how it is in our world today. We have no qualms discarding everything and anything – we do not fix things anymore. In relation to that, nothing seemed to be built to last anymore because there will no longer be “recurring revenue” if things cannot be broken or spoiled. From a different perspective, it also tells us how we are expected to be “perfect” while knowing the fact that we are mere humans with unique weaknesses. The only take away I can think of is that we should all try to be good. I do not really subscribe to the fact that God punishes His children and thus, I am not taking the reading literally. The way I like to see it is that, we should not be complacent but instead strive for the best in life be it spiritual or otherwise. We should also share our talents with others so that they will be inspired. A few years ago, I came across a photographer named Willian Wegman. Mr. Wegman captured the hearts of many with his creative and beautiful photographs of his Weimaraner dogs, namely Man Ray and Fay Ray. The picture of Weimaraners on the packaging of the dog food I bought today reminded me of Mr. Wegman’s photography work with his beautiful dogs. The following photos are inspired by Mr. Wegman. My wife and I celebrated our 11th wedding anniversary last week. Nothing to shout about because it is not a silver or golden jubilee but nonetheless, we are still working on it – our marriage. In the fast paced world we live in today, we often ask ourselves “what is the end game”? For a sustainable business, the end game would be to have referable customers to give good testimonials about our services to new prospects in hopes that they will end up being our customers. For this post, I would like to write about one of the clear indications that a marriage is heading towards divorce even before it begins. When we attended the marriage preparation course, the initial question the presenting couple asked us was whether we have signed any prenuptial agreement and if we did, they would not allow us to continue attending the course. But of course we were young and so in love that we did not even understand what a prenuptial agreement was and let alone signed one. In hindsight, I am glad that was the case. I have come to understand that a prenuptial agreement is a contract with the “end game” in mind. There really is no point in getting married when either one of the two people agree to having a prenuptial agreement. This is a clear indication of one’s non-committal behavior towards the union. There is enough distrust in the relationship to afford an “what if” situation. Perhaps it is a lack of faith but whatever the reason, I am opined that it is best not to get married to a spouse who demands or even considers a prenuptial agreement. A marriage is the commitment of two people who have made and will always make a conscious decision to love each other every single day of their lives until death to them part. In marriage, we give ourselves fully to our spouse – a 100%. But a prenuptial agreement is 2% less. There really should not be Plan B or C in a marriage. We stick to our vows no matter what happens. As we celebrated our 11th year together as husband and wife, I was reminded of that one question that helped me make the decision that she is the one. And like our wedding vows, the answer is YES! If you are considering marriage at the moment, I hope your end game is Till Death Do Us Part. I wish you all the blessings and graces for an everlasting marriage! You can read Part I by clicking here. I’ve had these cactus pads for more than a year now and in fact, most from the initial plant has rotten away before I decided to salvage what seemed to be healthy. In some cultures, it is a taboo to keep cactus plants in living spaces because of their sharp thorns or spines that are believed to cause more “harm” than good. After replanting them in a bigger pot, I also re-positioned them to where they will be able to get more sunlight. The gospel reading last week talked about getting a good rest and this week the gospel seemed to be about growth. I cannot help but to relate the readings to the situation I had with these cactus pads. Not only have I not planted them on good and suitable soil, they have been deprived of the nourishment they needed to thrive. Just like how newborns need their sleep as part of growth, adults too need to rest so that our bodies will be able to rejuvenate and “repair” what is damaged. Spiritually speaking, we need to be still and in the quietness, reflect to find the inspiration we need to grow as a person. I chance upon an article on my favorite self-help blog Pick The Brain and through it, found a TED talk by Susan Cain about The Power Of Introverts. It is interesting how all the experiences in the past two weeks coupled with the discoveries of the article and video seemed to be intertwined and run in parallel. We are so distracted in this instant gratified world that we have often forgotten to pause and invest some quiet time for growth. I hope you will have a good week learning something new and worthwhile in your journey towards growth. Here I am trying to recall and recollect what has taken place the entire past week. Nothing inspiring worth sharing because I am still coping with losing two people due to relocation. I still hope that one of them would resume his presence online as soon as he is settled at the new base. Whatever it is, we are often lonely in different ways. Last weekend, there was a huge Pride Parade at downtown Toronto and the topic of LGBTQ+ became a discussion (once again). One of the many things that is very difficult to define with precise certainty. I think like most things in life, people in general are seeking acceptance and a sense of belonging. We are trying to fill the void in certain aspects of our lives. Most of all, we are seeking for companionship and love. We want to be heard, affirmed of our self-worth, and be valued by someone else. We are now living a highly pressurized and challenging world where people are easily provoked. The more connected we are through the internet, the more disconnected we are in the real world. It is now quite difficult for us to hold a lengthy conversation because it has been reduced to “what’s in it for me?”, “what do you have that I need?”, or “how can you be of benefit to me?”. We seemed to have grown into this “selling oneself” culture whereby we are either selling a product, a service, or even prostituting ourselves just to get by in life. In the end, we yearn for what is left of our dignity and self-worth. We become jaded as to what are our talents, values, morality, principles, ethics, and purposes. If only we can all love a little more by being compassionate to one another. By understanding the fact that each one of us is seeking our spot in this huge planet – to be counted and valued. To also understand that often times, the level of wisdom and intellect of a person can be confined by the circumstances that are totally out of their control. We must love enough to know that for each person to come to his or her own, he or she needs time, the right opportunities, and guidance. Therefore, if you come across a person not up to your standards or expectations, perhaps it is your opportunity to learn new ways of leadership and be the change he or she needs so desperately to turn life around. As we begin a new day, let’s ask ourselves – Have you found LOVE today? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Annual background checks are required for all volunteers in the Forest Grove School District. This includes, but is not limited to, classroom volunteers and field trip chaperones. The volunteer background checks are part of our efforts to keep schools safe for students, staff and visitors. We encourage all prospective volunteers to go to the link below to fill out the criminal background verification form online. There is no cost to the volunteer, and all information provided remains confidential. Individuals will not be permitted to volunteer until their background check has been approved. The conviction of a crime does not automatically disqualify a person from volunteering in a school. Each situation is considered individually. We appreciate all of our dedicated volunteers in the Forest Grove School District. Together, we can create a safe environment where students learn and thrive! Please click here to submit a background check application. </s>" <s> Annual background checks are required for all volunteers in the Forest Grove School District. This includes, but is not limited to, classroom volunteers and field trip chaperones. The volunteer background checks are part of our efforts to keep schools safe for students, staff and visitors. We encourage all prospective volunteers to go to the link below to fill out the criminal background verification form online. There is no cost to the volunteer, and all information provided remains confidential. Individuals will not be permitted to volunteer until their background check has been approved. The conviction of a crime does not automatically disqualify a person from volunteering in a school. Each situation is considered individually. We appreciate all of our dedicated volunteers in the Forest Grove School District. Together, we can create a safe environment where students learn and thrive! Please click here to submit a background check application. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> As a former athlete I can speak from experience what it means to catch a second wind. If you are an athlete you know what I am talking about. A second wind is the renewed energy, focus, and power that only few ever experience. You are at your best when you get your second wind. You are at your fastest when you get your second wind. You are at times unstoppable when you get your second wind. When I played basketball I can recount the times when I got a second wind. I was never out of breath. I could outrun, out-jump, out-shoot, and out-play my opponents. I remember playing a game in the Bronx where I was in pain and in total exhaustion. I pushed myself to the limit where to take another step would be physically impossible. I recall my knee being in so much pain that I actually cried out to God and said please take this pain away. I wasn’t a follower of Jesus and never recalled ever crying out to God up to this point. Time was of the essence. My team was down 23 points with less than 5 minutes to play in the 4thquarter. Limping across mid-court in total pain and exhaustion I was ready to quit but I didn’t. I was ready to walk to the bench and ask my coach to replace me but I didn’t. Something inside of me kept telling me to press on. I can vividly remember one step of excruciating pain turning into a pain free step with renewed energy and power inside of me. All of a sudden I was running up and down the court without a trace of pain in my knee and I received my second wind. I scored 24 straight points in those final 5 minutes to help my team win by a point. I blocked a shot with one second left to secure the victory. It was my greatest basketball comeback story that most people have never heard of. · I keep my eyes on the one true Champion, Jesus Christ! · To win the race I must know the route! The bible and the Holy Spirit are my two reliable guides on how to win this race. · I surround myself with a large crowd of witnesses that are willing to cheer me on! I know I have a cheering section in Heaven but it is my responsibility to build a cheering section of the life of faith here on earth by making myself accountable and approachable to all who want to run with me. · I think of all the hostility and pain Jesus went through that he considered joy to help me when I am weary and ready to give up. · I remind myself that I am running for an eternal prize. I hope to see you all at Encounter tonight! We have a great night of worship and a special word that will encourage you to live this life of faith! </s>" <s> As a former athlete I can speak from experience what it means to catch a second wind. If you are an athlete you know what I am talking about. A second wind is the renewed energy, focus, and power that only few ever experience. You are at your best when you get your second wind. You are at your fastest when you get your second wind. You are at times unstoppable when you get your second wind. When I played basketball I can recount the times when I got a second wind. I was never out of breath. I could outrun, out-jump, out-shoot, and out-play my opponents. I remember playing a game in the Bronx where I was in pain and in total exhaustion. I pushed myself to the limit where to take another step would be physically impossible. I recall my knee being in so much pain that I actually cried out to God and said please take this pain away. I wasn’t a follower of Jesus and never recalled ever crying out to God up to this point. Time was of the essence. My team was down 23 points with less than 5 minutes to play in the 4thquarter. Limping across mid-court in total pain and exhaustion I was ready to quit but I didn’t. I was ready to walk to the bench and ask my coach to replace me but I didn’t. Something inside of me kept telling me to press on. I can vividly remember one step of excruciating pain turning into a pain free step with renewed energy and power inside of me. All of a sudden I was running up and down the court without a trace of pain in my knee and I received my second wind. I scored 24 straight points in those final 5 minutes to help my team win by a point. I blocked a shot with one second left to secure the victory. It was my greatest basketball comeback story that most people have never heard of. · I keep my eyes on the one true Champion, Jesus Christ! · To win the race I must know the route! The bible and the Holy Spirit are my two reliable guides on how to win this race. · I surround myself with a large crowd of witnesses that are willing to cheer me on! I know I have a cheering section in Heaven but it is my responsibility to build a cheering section of the life of faith here on earth by making myself accountable and approachable to all who want to run with me. · I think of all the hostility and pain Jesus went through that he considered joy to help me when I am weary and ready to give up. · I remind myself that I am running for an eternal prize. I hope to see you all at Encounter tonight! We have a great night of worship and a special word that will encourage you to live this life of faith! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> An unspecified computer problem is causing major disruptions to air traffic in the south east of England, with flights delayed or canceled at Gatwick, Heathrow and other airports. An unspecified computer problem is causing major disruptions to air traffic in the south east of England, with flights delayed or cancelled at Gatwick, Heathrow and other airports. The Central Flow Management Unit at Eurocontrol in Brussels confirmed to ZDNet Asia's sister site ZDNet UK on Thursday afternoon that a ""problem"" was affecting flights. A National Air Traffic Services (Nats) spokesperson told ZDNet UK that ""there was a failure in one of the systems that feeds the controller workstation in Swanwick air-traffic control at 3.55pm"". Passengers are being advised to contact their airline before arriving at affected airports for their flights. ZDNet UK blogger Matt Loney wrote on the site from Jersey Airport, where he said he had been informed that there had been a ""failure of U.K. air-traffic control"". ""We've heard it's a data-link problem affecting the south east, with the result that planes are taking off/landing every four or five minutes--way down on the usual 90 seconds,"" wrote Loney. </s>" <s> An unspecified computer problem is causing major disruptions to air traffic in the south east of England, with flights delayed or canceled at Gatwick, Heathrow and other airports. An unspecified computer problem is causing major disruptions to air traffic in the south east of England, with flights delayed or cancelled at Gatwick, Heathrow and other airports. The Central Flow Management Unit at Eurocontrol in Brussels confirmed to ZDNet Asia's sister site ZDNet UK on Thursday afternoon that a """problem""" was affecting flights. A National Air Traffic Services (Nats) spokesperson told ZDNet UK that """there" was a failure in one of the systems that feeds the controller workstation in Swanwick air-traffic control at "3.55pm""." Passengers are being advised to contact their airline before arriving at affected airports for their flights. ZDNet UK blogger Matt Loney wrote on the site from Jersey Airport, where he said he had been informed that there had been a """failure" of U.K. air-traffic "control""." """We've" heard it's a data-link problem affecting the south east, with the result that planes are taking off/landing every four or five minutes--way down on the usual 90 "seconds,""" wrote Loney. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) begins between the fourth and sixth week of pregnancy. Symptoms usually improve somewhat by the 15th to 20th week of gestation, although some women continue to have frequent relapses throughout pregnancy. Most affected women have numerous episodes of vomiting throughout the day with few if any symptom-free periods, especially during the first three months. This leads to rapid and significant weight loss, dehydration, electrolyte disturbances, ketosis and acetonuria often requiring hospitalization. If these derangements are not treated promptly or adequately, they can lead to fetal loss, and irreversible renal, neurologic, and hepatic damage. Other complications include Mallory-Weiss tears (linear mucosal tears at the cardio-esophageal junction with hematemesis), acid aspiration, and metabolic alkalosis. These women present to their physicians with weight loss of 5 to 20+ pounds (2.25 to 9+ kgs.); however, since some are overweight to begin with, they may not appear malnourished on visual inspection. This is especially true as the pregnancy progresses. Early, aggressive medical care often decreases the severity of a woman's symptoms and leads to quicker recovery. If these are seen early in pregnancy, hydration with vitamins, antiemetics, and close monitoring is imperative. For more on management, see our Suggested Protocol. </s>" <s> Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) begins between the fourth and sixth week of pregnancy. Symptoms usually improve somewhat by the 15th to 20th week of gestation, although some women continue to have frequent relapses throughout pregnancy. Most affected women have numerous episodes of vomiting throughout the day with few if any symptom-free periods, especially during the first three months. This leads to rapid and significant weight loss, dehydration, electrolyte disturbances, ketosis and acetonuria often requiring hospitalization. If these derangements are not treated promptly or adequately, they can lead to fetal loss, and irreversible renal, neurologic, and hepatic damage. Other complications include Mallory-Weiss tears (linear mucosal tears at the cardio-esophageal junction with hematemesis), acid aspiration, and metabolic alkalosis. These women present to their physicians with weight loss of 5 to 20+ pounds (2.25 to 9+ kgs.); however, since some are overweight to begin with, they may not appear malnourished on visual inspection. This is especially true as the pregnancy progresses. Early, aggressive medical care often decreases the severity of a woman's symptoms and leads to quicker recovery. If these are seen early in pregnancy, hydration with vitamins, antiemetics, and close monitoring is imperative. For more on management, see our Suggested Protocol. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Fits both men and women in S/M. Moisture wicking, quick dry and light weight. Features: Soft, elastic, breathable and comfortable. Enhance blood circulation, reduce calf cramps, swelling and calf pain. 1. Please allow 1-2cm differs due to manual measurement. Please compare the detailed sizes with yours before you buy. </s>" <s> Fits both men and women in S/M. Moisture wicking, quick dry and light weight. Features: Soft, elastic, breathable and comfortable. Enhance blood circulation, reduce calf cramps, swelling and calf pain. 1. Please allow 1-2cm differs due to manual measurement. Please compare the detailed sizes with yours before you buy. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> A Vegetarian Pot Pie with Leeks and Fennel and a Quick Look At My Outdoor Fall Decor That Looks Ummmm, Not Really Pulled Together. I'm a Casual Girl. Now look at this pumpkin in my yard!! Dudes. I was so excited I had a closeup picture of a pumpkin to post! Then I posted it here and I see there's a spider. Next to my perfect pumpkin. and topped with puff pastry. But the black is just pepper. Phew! Not spiders. We'll get to these rustic pot pies in a minute, let's keep on with the spider and pumpkin talk, shall we? ​praying mantis. On my porch. ​whereas I dropped my shopping bags to run inside and grab my camera to take a picture of the praying mantis. without me cropping out the blue coolers and towel that have been in that exact same location for well over a week now. I think I was obsessed with taking pictures of spider webs this day. See this web on my geranium? In a wood barrel. With a mirror and elephant sticking out. ​Ever hear of apple gourds? ​Picked these up at Stringtown for 75 cents each. They look like apples, no? and then maybe eat later. Threw some gourds in a crock on top of that beautiful plant there. I believe the formal name of this particular plant is someoneforgottowaterme. ""Throw a pumpkin by some planters and call it a day."" Somebody needs to paint my garden shed. It's amazing how one doesn't notice things until one sees a picture. Oh wait, that's a water pitcher. Oops. This isn't a water pitcher. This for sure is a pumpkin. on an old wood table on my porch. And these are gorgeous golden cornfields abundant this time of year. ​said ""you don't miss the meat."" I'm definitely going to check out many of their other recipes! Just click HERE and it will take you to their page where you can print off the recipe! Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F and situate an oven rack to the middle of the oven. In a large sauce pan, place the potatoes. Fill the pot with water until it just covers the potatoes then season with salt. Place on the stove and heat on high. Bring to a boil and boil for 7-8 minutes. Drain and set aside until you are ready to use. Meanwhile, in a large dutch oven, melt the butter and add the leek, onion, fennel and season with salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat until the veggies are soft., about 8 minutes. Whisk in the flour until all has combined, and cook or 3-4 minutes. Gently whisk in the vegetable broth and add the thyme, oregano, mushrooms, parsley, carrots, peas and cooked potatoes. Stir to combine then season again with salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the heavy cream or milk and stir again to combine. Let simmer, covered, for about 20-25 minutes. Meanwhile, flour a surface lightly, and lay out your puff pastry or pie crust. With a lightly dusted rolling pin, roll out your dough until it is very thin. Prepare your individual ramekins by ladling in your filling until it reaches 3/4 of the way up the dish. Now cut out your dough into circles with a pair of kitchen shears so that it covers the entire top of the ramekin. Press down the edges with the back side of a fork and poke a few holes on the top. Brush with the egg wash and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lay your ramekins on a large baking dish and bake at 400 degrees for 25 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool for 5 minutes and then serve! but any brand would work. ​these leeks and fennel were particularly HUGE!! ​And THEN stuck them back in the water to bring to a boil. Fennel there below. Leek here. Add in the spices, potatoes, peas (edamame), mushrooms (celery), carrots and parsley. ​Things should look like they're coming together. Pour the milk or heavy cream in. These look delish just like this. on the top of those ramekins! So I used a very intellectual, scientific method of figuring out the size of the pastry top I needed for the ramekins. ​ I used a 60s Tupperware plastic bowl and an egg ring. I couldn't let it go to waste so I brought out my cookie cutters so I could have a cute cut-out on each crust. ​For the record, this diamond cookie cutter was the smallest cookie cutter I had. Use a fork and seal down the edges and fork in some air holes. Don't make fun of my cutouts, it's the best I could do. Brush your egg wash on and salt and pepper these babies up! Throw these in a 400 degree oven! These are the scraps that I'm going to bake up. One can never have too much puff pastry on a pot pie. After 25 minutes or so, bring these delicious little pot pies up to rest. ​you will burn your mouth. Now plate one of the pies up! Chocked full of carrots, red potatoes, peas (edamame in mine). The leek and fennel really are the star of this pie. ​Subtle warm flavors that meld so well together. Now the second time I made this, I included the mushrooms. Deee-lish!! just go to the Cooking And Beer website HERE. Look at the pretty flowers she got at the farmer's market! Love the fall colors together!! she found at the Farmers market too??!! Matches this fall plant I have out on the back deck. What is this plant called anyway, anyone know??? ​just a half mile from us. Top notch people is what Hostys is and what my sister is! tis all I gots for now! I have a ton of interesting, excellent recipes and a few um, misses to share so I need to keep posting away over the next month or two! Hope you try out this Vegetarian Pot Pie recipe. If you do, let me know how it went for you! </s>" <s> A Vegetarian Pot Pie with Leeks and Fennel and a Quick Look At My Outdoor Fall Decor That Looks Ummmm, Not Really Pulled Together. I'm a Casual Girl. Now look at this pumpkin in my yard!! Dudes. I was so excited I had a closeup picture of a pumpkin to post! Then I posted it here and I see there's a spider. Next to my perfect pumpkin. and topped with puff pastry. But the black is just pepper. Phew! Not spiders. We'll get to these rustic pot pies in a minute, let's keep on with the spider and pumpkin talk, shall we? ​praying mantis. On my porch. ​whereas I dropped my shopping bags to run inside and grab my camera to take a picture of the praying mantis. without me cropping out the blue coolers and towel that have been in that exact same location for well over a week now. I think I was obsessed with taking pictures of spider webs this day. See this web on my geranium? In a wood barrel. With a mirror and elephant sticking out. ​Ever hear of apple gourds? ​Picked these up at Stringtown for 75 cents each. They look like apples, no? and then maybe eat later. Threw some gourds in a crock on top of that beautiful plant there. I believe the formal name of this particular plant is someoneforgottowaterme. """Throw" a pumpkin by some planters and call it a "day.""" Somebody needs to paint my garden shed. It's amazing how one doesn't notice things until one sees a picture. Oh wait, that's a water pitcher. Oops. This isn't a water pitcher. This for sure is a pumpkin. on an old wood table on my porch. And these are gorgeous golden cornfields abundant this time of year. ​said """you" don't miss the "meat.""" I'm definitely going to check out many of their other recipes! Just click HERE and it will take you to their page where you can print off the recipe! Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F and situate an oven rack to the middle of the oven. In a large sauce pan, place the potatoes. Fill the pot with water until it just covers the potatoes then season with salt. Place on the stove and heat on high. Bring to a boil and boil for 7-8 minutes. Drain and set aside until you are ready to use. Meanwhile, in a large dutch oven, melt the butter and add the leek, onion, fennel and season with salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat until the veggies are soft., about 8 minutes. Whisk in the flour until all has combined, and cook or 3-4 minutes. Gently whisk in the vegetable broth and add the thyme, oregano, mushrooms, parsley, carrots, peas and cooked potatoes. Stir to combine then season again with salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the heavy cream or milk and stir again to combine. Let simmer, covered, for about 20-25 minutes. Meanwhile, flour a surface lightly, and lay out your puff pastry or pie crust. With a lightly dusted rolling pin, roll out your dough until it is very thin. Prepare your individual ramekins by ladling in your filling until it reaches 3/4 of the way up the dish. Now cut out your dough into circles with a pair of kitchen shears so that it covers the entire top of the ramekin. Press down the edges with the back side of a fork and poke a few holes on the top. Brush with the egg wash and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lay your ramekins on a large baking dish and bake at 400 degrees for 25 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool for 5 minutes and then serve! but any brand would work. ​these leeks and fennel were particularly HUGE!! ​And THEN stuck them back in the water to bring to a boil. Fennel there below. Leek here. Add in the spices, potatoes, peas (edamame), mushrooms (celery), carrots and parsley. ​Things should look like they're coming together. Pour the milk or heavy cream in. These look delish just like this. on the top of those ramekins! So I used a very intellectual, scientific method of figuring out the size of the pastry top I needed for the ramekins. ​ I used a 60s Tupperware plastic bowl and an egg ring. I couldn't let it go to waste so I brought out my cookie cutters so I could have a cute cut-out on each crust. ​For the record, this diamond cookie cutter was the smallest cookie cutter I had. Use a fork and seal down the edges and fork in some air holes. Don't make fun of my cutouts, it's the best I could do. Brush your egg wash on and salt and pepper these babies up! Throw these in a 400 degree oven! These are the scraps that I'm going to bake up. One can never have too much puff pastry on a pot pie. After 25 minutes or so, bring these delicious little pot pies up to rest. ​you will burn your mouth. Now plate one of the pies up! Chocked full of carrots, red potatoes, peas (edamame in mine). The leek and fennel really are the star of this pie. ​Subtle warm flavors that meld so well together. Now the second time I made this, I included the mushrooms. Deee-lish!! just go to the Cooking And Beer website HERE. Look at the pretty flowers she got at the farmer's market! Love the fall colors together!! she found at the Farmers market too??!! Matches this fall plant I have out on the back deck. What is this plant called anyway, anyone know??? ​just a half mile from us. Top notch people is what Hostys is and what my sister is! tis all I gots for now! I have a ton of interesting, excellent recipes and a few um, misses to share so I need to keep posting away over the next month or two! Hope you try out this Vegetarian Pot Pie recipe. If you do, let me know how it went for you! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Thomas Mayer W El Greco St Gilbert, AZ (999) Job Objective Seeking a position of SAP Nov 06, 2017 SAP Fico Consultant Resume Samples and examples of curated bullet points for your resume to help you get an interview. Download SAP Fico Consultant Resume Sample as Image file. Related Job Titles. SAP Consultant Resume Sample. SAP Basis Consultant Resume Sample. SAP FICO Consultant The following SAP FICO Consultant sample resume is created using Flexi Resume Builder. Click the button below to make your resume in this design. Build interesting SAP Fico Sample Resumes. These SAP Fico Sample Resume Formats guides you to write a good resume. Download these SAP Summary: Certified SAP FICO functional consultant (consultant Id: ) Over 8 years of experience including 6 plus years as SAP R3 FICO consultant Expertise in configuration and customization of FI (GL, AP, AR, AA, SPL) Strong working knowledge in Controlling (CCA, OM, IO, PCA, PC) and BW modules. Extensive experience Two Based on our collection of resume examples, those interested in a SAP FICO Consultant position should hold at least a Bachelor's Degree in computer engineering or information technology and have previous SAP solutions implementation experience. SAP FI sample resume (for freshers) that you can use a template to create and personalize your own CV that will get you a job of SAP FI consultant. Jan 09, 2017 SAP FICO Resumes Our expertapproved Industrys Best Downloadable Templates are suitable for all levels Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced professionals. IT Professionals or IT beginner can use these formats to prepare their resumes and start apply for IT Jobs. Find SAP resumes today on Indeed Resume. Fast, simple resume search. Senior SAP FICO Contractor Sap Deutschland Ag& Co. Kg. Senior FICO Consultant The Limited Corporation. Senior FICO Consultant ITT Corporation. Albany State University, Bachelors. save resume Updated: Sep 13. Nov 19, 2011 Middle Level assignments with key focus on SAP (FICO) Accounts Finance with a growth oriented organization. </s>" <s> Thomas Mayer W El Greco St Gilbert, AZ (999) Job Objective Seeking a position of SAP Nov 06, 2017 SAP Fico Consultant Resume Samples and examples of curated bullet points for your resume to help you get an interview. Download SAP Fico Consultant Resume Sample as Image file. Related Job Titles. SAP Consultant Resume Sample. SAP Basis Consultant Resume Sample. SAP FICO Consultant The following SAP FICO Consultant sample resume is created using Flexi Resume Builder. Click the button below to make your resume in this design. Build interesting SAP Fico Sample Resumes. These SAP Fico Sample Resume Formats guides you to write a good resume. Download these SAP Summary: Certified SAP FICO functional consultant (consultant Id: ) Over 8 years of experience including 6 plus years as SAP R3 FICO consultant Expertise in configuration and customization of FI (GL, AP, AR, AA, SPL) Strong working knowledge in Controlling (CCA, OM, IO, PCA, PC) and BW modules. Extensive experience Two Based on our collection of resume examples, those interested in a SAP FICO Consultant position should hold at least a Bachelor's Degree in computer engineering or information technology and have previous SAP solutions implementation experience. SAP FI sample resume (for freshers) that you can use a template to create and personalize your own CV that will get you a job of SAP FI consultant. Jan 09, 2017 SAP FICO Resumes Our expertapproved Industrys Best Downloadable Templates are suitable for all levels Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced professionals. IT Professionals or IT beginner can use these formats to prepare their resumes and start apply for IT Jobs. Find SAP resumes today on Indeed Resume. Fast, simple resume search. Senior SAP FICO Contractor Sap Deutschland Ag& Co. Kg. Senior FICO Consultant The Limited Corporation. Senior FICO Consultant ITT Corporation. Albany State University, Bachelors. save resume Updated: Sep 13. Nov 19, 2011 Middle Level assignments with key focus on SAP (FICO) Accounts Finance with a growth oriented organization. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Tormented by a headache after attempting to repair your aged or broken rooftop? Almost all owners of property know nothing as to repairing or upgrading roofs. That's the reason why you want Residential Roofs! Whenever you own a home or business in Somerville Texas and are confronted by an imperative demand for Residential Roofs, make the preferred selection and contact the specialists with College Station Roofing now! Why is College Station Roofing the desired selection for Residential Roofs in the surrounding Somerville Texas area? No person desires to live with a roof that cannot shelter the interior of their residence or company. College Station Roofing is the right option for Residential Roofs on every assignment large or small in Somerville Texas. Return your roofing to when it was new – a defensive covering on top of your household or business! You Will Find Residential Roofs With College Station Roofing! </s>" <s> Tormented by a headache after attempting to repair your aged or broken rooftop? Almost all owners of property know nothing as to repairing or upgrading roofs. That's the reason why you want Residential Roofs! Whenever you own a home or business in Somerville Texas and are confronted by an imperative demand for Residential Roofs, make the preferred selection and contact the specialists with College Station Roofing now! Why is College Station Roofing the desired selection for Residential Roofs in the surrounding Somerville Texas area? No person desires to live with a roof that cannot shelter the interior of their residence or company. College Station Roofing is the right option for Residential Roofs on every assignment large or small in Somerville Texas. Return your roofing to when it was new – a defensive covering on top of your household or business! You Will Find Residential Roofs With College Station Roofing! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> 2019 Honda Ridgeline for sale near Springfield, Northampton & Greenfield MA 5FPYK3F75KB025233 - Lundgren Honda of Greenfield. 2019 Honda Ridgeline 18/25 City/Highway MPG RTL-E Gray AWD 6-Speed Automatic 3.5L V6 SOHC i-VTEC 24V Please call 1-866-675-0467 today to schedule your test drive. *The Lundgren Advantage Experience it! Lundgren Honda of Auburn is a Family owned and operated business since 1964. * Our philosophy is to use market based pricing. * We like to make sure our customers get all the information they need to make an informed buying decision. *You will also receive a Coupon Book filled with over $824.00 dollars' worth of savings to our Service Department, Parts Department. Lundgren Honda of Auburn Experience it! </s>" <s> 2019 Honda Ridgeline for sale near Springfield, Northampton & Greenfield MA 5FPYK3F75KB025233 - Lundgren Honda of Greenfield. 2019 Honda Ridgeline 18/25 City/Highway MPG RTL-E Gray AWD 6-Speed Automatic 3.5L V6 SOHC i-VTEC 24V Please call 1-866-675-0467 today to schedule your test drive. *The Lundgren Advantage Experience it! Lundgren Honda of Auburn is a Family owned and operated business since 1964. * Our philosophy is to use market based pricing. * We like to make sure our customers get all the information they need to make an informed buying decision. *You will also receive a Coupon Book filled with over $824.00 dollars' worth of savings to our Service Department, Parts Department. Lundgren Honda of Auburn Experience it! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> This beautiful sofa is made in Canada. It is available in many different fabrics. It comes with a full warranty. We look forward to helping you pick out your next custom piece of furniture to make your room look amazing. Ready in 2-4 weeks. </s>" <s> This beautiful sofa is made in Canada. It is available in many different fabrics. It comes with a full warranty. We look forward to helping you pick out your next custom piece of furniture to make your room look amazing. Ready in 2-4 weeks. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is a leguminous tree in the Genus Tamarindus, in the Subfamily Detarioideae, in the Family Fabaceae of the Order Fabales. It is indigenous to tropical Africa. The genus Tamarindus is a monotypic taxon (having only a single species). The tamarind tree produces pod-like fruit that contains an edible pulp used in cuisines around the world. Other uses of the pulp include traditional medicine and metal polish. The wood can be used for woodworking and tamarind seed oil can be extracted from the seeds. Its leaves are used in Indian cuisine, especially in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Because of tamarind's many uses, it is cultivated around the world in tropical and subtropical zones. In Timor-Leste it is also called sukaer. In the Caribbean, tamarind is sometimes called tamón. In the Philippines, it is called sampalok or sampaloc in Filipino, and sambag in Cebuano. Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is sometimes confused with ""Manila tamarind"" (Pithecellobium dulce). While in the same taxonomic family Fabaceae, Manila tamarind is a different plant native to Mexico and known locally as guamúchili. The tamarind is a long-lived, medium-growth tree, which attains a maximum crown height of 12 to 18 metres (39 to 59 ft). The crown has an irregular, vase-shaped outline of dense foliage. The tree grows well in full sun. Annual rainfall of around 70-200 cm is ideal for this tree and draught is injurious. It prefers clay, loam, sandy, and acidic soil types, with a high resistance to drought and aerosol salt (wind-borne salt as found in coastal areas). Tamarind timber consists of hard, dark red heartwood and softer, yellowish sapwood. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged and pinnately lobed. The leaves consist of 10 to 18 leaflets. The leaflets are bright green, elliptic-ovular, pinnately veined, and less than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length. The branches droop from a single, central trunk as the tree matures, and are often pruned in agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest. At night, the leaflets close up. As a tropical species, it is frost-sensitive. The pinnate leaves with opposite leaflets give a billowing effect in the wind. The fruit has a fleshy, juicy, acidulous pulp. It is mature when the flesh is coloured brown or reddish brown. The fruit is best described as sweet and sour in taste, and is high in tartaric acid, sugar, B vitamins, and, unusually for a fruit, calcium. The tamarinds of Asia have longer pods (containing six to 12 seeds), whereas African and West Indian varieties have shorter pods (containing one to six seeds). The seeds are somewhat flattened, and a glossy brown. Tamarindus indica is probably indigenous to tropical Africa, but has been cultivated for so long on the Indian subcontinent that it is sometimes reported to be indigenous there, where it is known as imli in Hindi-Urdu. It grows wild in Africa in locales as diverse as Sudan, Cameroon, Nigeria, Zambia and Tanzania. In Arabia, it is found growing wild in Oman, especially Dhofar, where it grows on the sea-facing slopes of mountains. It reached South Asia likely through human transportation and cultivation several thousand years BC. It is widely distributed throughout the tropical belt, from Africa to South Asia, northern Australia, and throughout Oceania, Southeast Asia, Taiwan and China. The tamarind has long been naturalized in Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Philippines, the Caribbean, and the Pacific Islands. Thailand has the largest plantations of the ASEAN nations, followed by Indonesia, Myanmar, and the Philippines. In parts of Southeast Asia, tamarind is called asam. It is cultivated all over India, especially in Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, and Tamil Nadu. See Video about: TAMARIND - Everything You Need to Know - Hot Thai Kitchen ! </s>" <s> Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is a leguminous tree in the Genus Tamarindus, in the Subfamily Detarioideae, in the Family Fabaceae of the Order Fabales. It is indigenous to tropical Africa. The genus Tamarindus is a monotypic taxon (having only a single species). The tamarind tree produces pod-like fruit that contains an edible pulp used in cuisines around the world. Other uses of the pulp include traditional medicine and metal polish. The wood can be used for woodworking and tamarind seed oil can be extracted from the seeds. Its leaves are used in Indian cuisine, especially in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Because of tamarind's many uses, it is cultivated around the world in tropical and subtropical zones. In Timor-Leste it is also called sukaer. In the Caribbean, tamarind is sometimes called tamón. In the Philippines, it is called sampalok or sampaloc in Filipino, and sambag in Cebuano. Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) is sometimes confused with """Manila" "tamarind""" (Pithecellobium dulce). While in the same taxonomic family Fabaceae, Manila tamarind is a different plant native to Mexico and known locally as guamúchili. The tamarind is a long-lived, medium-growth tree, which attains a maximum crown height of 12 to 18 metres (39 to 59 ft). The crown has an irregular, vase-shaped outline of dense foliage. The tree grows well in full sun. Annual rainfall of around 70-200 cm is ideal for this tree and draught is injurious. It prefers clay, loam, sandy, and acidic soil types, with a high resistance to drought and aerosol salt (wind-borne salt as found in coastal areas). Tamarind timber consists of hard, dark red heartwood and softer, yellowish sapwood. The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged and pinnately lobed. The leaves consist of 10 to 18 leaflets. The leaflets are bright green, elliptic-ovular, pinnately veined, and less than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length. The branches droop from a single, central trunk as the tree matures, and are often pruned in agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest. At night, the leaflets close up. As a tropical species, it is frost-sensitive. The pinnate leaves with opposite leaflets give a billowing effect in the wind. The fruit has a fleshy, juicy, acidulous pulp. It is mature when the flesh is coloured brown or reddish brown. The fruit is best described as sweet and sour in taste, and is high in tartaric acid, sugar, B vitamins, and, unusually for a fruit, calcium. The tamarinds of Asia have longer pods (containing six to 12 seeds), whereas African and West Indian varieties have shorter pods (containing one to six seeds). The seeds are somewhat flattened, and a glossy brown. Tamarindus indica is probably indigenous to tropical Africa, but has been cultivated for so long on the Indian subcontinent that it is sometimes reported to be indigenous there, where it is known as imli in Hindi-Urdu. It grows wild in Africa in locales as diverse as Sudan, Cameroon, Nigeria, Zambia and Tanzania. In Arabia, it is found growing wild in Oman, especially Dhofar, where it grows on the sea-facing slopes of mountains. It reached South Asia likely through human transportation and cultivation several thousand years BC. It is widely distributed throughout the tropical belt, from Africa to South Asia, northern Australia, and throughout Oceania, Southeast Asia, Taiwan and China. The tamarind has long been naturalized in Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Philippines, the Caribbean, and the Pacific Islands. Thailand has the largest plantations of the ASEAN nations, followed by Indonesia, Myanmar, and the Philippines. In parts of Southeast Asia, tamarind is called asam. It is cultivated all over India, especially in Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, and Tamil Nadu. See Video about: TAMARIND - Everything You Need to Know - Hot Thai Kitchen ! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Are you ready to start planning your event? We can answer any questions you might have, schedule a tour of the property, or customize an event package to suit your needs and budget. Just fill out the form below and we’ll contact you to set up a consultation. Waterview Golf Club boasts a championship golf course with a challenging level of play for all golfers, from beginners to professionals. What was once pastureland is now a lush, gently rolling, par 72 course featuring 15 acres of lakes and 1,500 trees representing 18 different species. With extensive practice facilities, an on-site bar and grill, and the finest greens in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, Waterview Golf Club is the premier destination for championship play. Ready to Host a Tournament? Are you ready to start planning your event? Please provide your contact information below, and we’ll contact you to discuss the details. We look forward to serving you soon! </s>" <s> Are you ready to start planning your event? We can answer any questions you might have, schedule a tour of the property, or customize an event package to suit your needs and budget. Just fill out the form below and we’ll contact you to set up a consultation. Waterview Golf Club boasts a championship golf course with a challenging level of play for all golfers, from beginners to professionals. What was once pastureland is now a lush, gently rolling, par 72 course featuring 15 acres of lakes and 1,500 trees representing 18 different species. With extensive practice facilities, an on-site bar and grill, and the finest greens in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, Waterview Golf Club is the premier destination for championship play. Ready to Host a Tournament? Are you ready to start planning your event? Please provide your contact information below, and we’ll contact you to discuss the details. We look forward to serving you soon! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> The French defense procurement agency (DGA) has performed a successful test firing of the AASM modular air-to-ground weapon, fitted with terminal laser homing capability, enabling the guided weapon to engage fast-moving surface targets. This firing test demonstrates the AASM Laser’s ability to offer 1-meter accuracy against high-speed, agile land or maritime targets. The test was carried out at the DGA’s missile test range in Biscarosse by a production Rafale fighter deployed by the DGA’s flight-test center in Cazaux. The moving target was represented by a laser spot generated by a ground illuminator, simulating a vehicle moving at a speed of 80 km/h. The AASM was fired from an extreme off-axis angle (90°) at a range exceeding 15 kilometers. Using its algorithms for detection and slaving of the trajectory to the laser spot, the weapon maneuvered itself to hit the designated target, impact was at a very low angle, within less than one meter of the designated spot. The first test of a laser equipped AASM was conducted in July 2010, dropping a 250kg weapon at a stationary target from a range of 25km. The laser terminal guidance version of the AASM is expected to enter volume production for the French air force and navy starting at the end of 2012. Sagem is on contract to develop and qualify the add-on laser guidance for AASM, under a delivery contract for 680 guidance kits, part of a framework contract awarded by DGA in 2009, covering 3,400 AASM units for the French Air Force and Navy. </s>" <s> The French defense procurement agency (DGA) has performed a successful test firing of the AASM modular air-to-ground weapon, fitted with terminal laser homing capability, enabling the guided weapon to engage fast-moving surface targets. This firing test demonstrates the AASM Laser’s ability to offer 1-meter accuracy against high-speed, agile land or maritime targets. The test was carried out at the DGA’s missile test range in Biscarosse by a production Rafale fighter deployed by the DGA’s flight-test center in Cazaux. The moving target was represented by a laser spot generated by a ground illuminator, simulating a vehicle moving at a speed of 80 km/h. The AASM was fired from an extreme off-axis angle (90°) at a range exceeding 15 kilometers. Using its algorithms for detection and slaving of the trajectory to the laser spot, the weapon maneuvered itself to hit the designated target, impact was at a very low angle, within less than one meter of the designated spot. The first test of a laser equipped AASM was conducted in July 2010, dropping a 250kg weapon at a stationary target from a range of 25km. The laser terminal guidance version of the AASM is expected to enter volume production for the French air force and navy starting at the end of 2012. Sagem is on contract to develop and qualify the add-on laser guidance for AASM, under a delivery contract for 680 guidance kits, part of a framework contract awarded by DGA in 2009, covering 3,400 AASM units for the French Air Force and Navy. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> First to enjoy the beauty and bounty of the area we now call Meeks Bay were a number of family groups belonging to the tribe of Indians known as the Washoe, who occupied the lands surrounding the high mountain lake we now know as Tahoe. In winter, these family groups inhabited the valleys to the east which are today known as Carson, Washoe and Eagle. Little food could be gathered during this dormant, inclement period, and dietary staples which had been harvested and hunted during the spring, summer and fall of the year provided subsistence until spring came again. Meanwhile, the people fashioned and repaired their tools, clothing and houses. The winter encampments also afforded them opportunity for creative work and allowed for the family interaction which gave the group its strength and perpetuity. Winter houses, called galis dungal, were usually conical, supported by a main frame-work of securely-placed poles which were lashed together at the top. To these were added inter-mediate pine or willow poles, followed by several layers of cedar bark, pine boughs or manzanita. An interior fire pit, encircled with rocks and vented by a central roof opening, served the purposes of warmth and cooking. Among the Washoe's most important tools were their baskets. Valued today as pieces of fine art, these beautifully woven articles played crucial, practical roles in the daily life of the group. During the winter months, the women would sort and weave the willow, redbud, fern root and other plant materials collected during the year throughout the group's geographically varied territory into intricately beautiful con-tainers used for cooking, eating, carrying water and collecting the seeds and plant materials which were a major element of their diet. The skill demonstrated in the work of a fine basket was a source of understandable pride for the Washoe woman. Great care was taken in the time-consuming effort of weaving, and the results produced had their merits not only in terms of utility, but also beauty. DA OW A GA As the snows receded from the Washoe winter encampments on the valley floor, the strong youthful members of each camp would strike out for da ow a ga, the sacred lake high in the mountains to the west, whose name meant ""the giver of life"". While some locations of questionable merit required the approval of the group's medicine woman before they could be occupied, a group usually returned to an established camp which was favored by an abundant quantity of the foods and medicinal plants necessary to sustain it through the year. Washoe tended to honor the prior use of a given area by one particular group, and thus a group would return to the same site year after year. Each group had a number of alternative camps to choose from, although with proper respect could also use a neighboring group's area. By preceding the elders and youngest children to their summer encampment, the more robust members of the group were able to observe the development of wild plants, gather foodstuffs and prepare the camp for the arrival of the rest of their group. It was of great importance, also, that their arrival be timed to take advantage of the annual migration of fish up the various tributaries of the Lake to spawn. MAGULU WATAH The bay we now call Meeks was known by the Washoe as magulu watah, one of a number of well-established sites around da ow a ga where fishing was good and wild strawberry, rasp-berry, currant and rhubarb were plentiful. Here too could be found camas, wild onions and lilies, and the seeds of native grasses important in the Washoe diet. WISE CUSTODIANS Summer at magulu watah was a time of gathering and fishing, the moment for each of these activities dictated by nature's own time-table. In gathering the various plant foods and materials, the Washoe were careful to observe management practices which would nurture and replenish the supply in seasons to come. Thinning the bulbs of the wild onion and loosening the soil to aerate the roots of plants were among the methods employed to insure their abundance in perpetuity. The meandering limbs of the wild currant bush, a plant used in the making of arrow shafts, were routinely pruned, encouraging those that remained to develop straight and strong. The roots of the bracken fern, an essential element in the dark designs of the intricately woven ""three-willow"" baskets, were cultivated to attain great length, as this trait simplified the weaving process and enhanced the beauty of the finished product. The plenitude of fish at magulu watah made it a favored location for summer encampment. Though much of the catch was consumed immediately, a portion was left to dry in the sun, and stored away for winter use. At one of several large grinding rocks near the shore of the bay, the Washoe women gathered to grind this dried fish together with other ingredients to make a semi-perishable meal which was easily transported and quickly prepared. The use of grinding rocks at magulu watah represented not only a means of processing food, but an important focal point for the social and cultural continuity of the tribe. Here, while carrying out the daily work of food preparation, the women exchanged information and tribal lore, all the while keeping a watchful eye on their children at play on the shore and at the fringe of the surrounding forest. Two grinding stones still can be found within the perimeter of the bay, and a third lies nearby, buried beneath yards of dirt brought in during a highway paving project more than half a century ago. ""There were Washoe Indians here when we came. The Diggers weren't allowed, as the Washoes and Diggers fought and the Diggers were afraid. At one time, when an Indian girl died, they dressed her all in white, with a shield of basketwork over her breast. They sent for ""cryers"" from Reno - three women who moaned and cried night and day. ""They used to have pow-wows and they would bring singers from Reno for these occasions. They built big camp fires and danced around the fires while the singers would sing - we would call it grunting. ""When a girl was old enough to be married, they would have a coming-out pow-wow. She would have a belt made of beads, beautiful handwork. The braves would be in an outside circle and the girls in an inside circle. When she was opposite the brave she wanted, she would throw him her belt, he would grasp it, and they were married."" As fall approached, the Washoe would gather their belongings and stores of winter food and depart magulu watah for their winter camp, remaining long enough at established locations along the way to harvest and hunt for the components of their winter diet which were to be found there. ENCROACHMENTS IN EDEN By the early 1860s, the pattern of the Washoe peoples' annual migration to magulu watah and the other encampments of the west shore had begun to be disturbed by a new presence: white interlopers whose intentions were in direct conflict with the the Washoe way of life. The wide territory which the Washoe had inhabited for thousands of years, rich with its many dietary, medicinal and cultural resources, was appropriated out of hand, and the resulting depletion of these vital resources gradually worked to diminish the productive value of the groups' annual migratory pattern. Another contributor to the demise of the Washoes' time-honored pattern of migration was the establishment of the Stewart Indian School in Carson City in the late 1920s. With the youth of the tribe confined to the school on a year-round basis, the vitality of the remaining group was no longer sufficient to accomplish their annual relocation. Further, the Washoe had no reason to hope, as they watched their ancestral lands pass into the domain of white ""ownership"", that the tribe could ever rekindle the old life of hunting and gathering beside da ow a ga. While a few individuals continued to return to the site of magulu watah into the 1930s, it was not the traditional journey of their fore-fathers. Magulu watah was gone, and those few encampments which still existed had been pushed west, into the hills. The sites of the old encampments were now filled with many white men, and the old gathering places and fishing spots usurped. The peaceable nature of the Washoe people made the assumption of their former domain easy for those who came to enforce their own uses on the land. In fact, the hapless hospi-tality of these displaced Washoe family groups was seen by the new arrivals as a tentative first step in the development of what in many cases became lasting friendships. From another perspective, the Washoes' rather passive acceptance of their loss left open the possibility, however compromised, of their continuing presence. For while the arrival of these interlopers meant the Washoe could no longer use their former lands for gathering and hunting, the impossibility of continuing their traditional existence led to development of their cultural skills into a new means of survival. Ironically, the same seasonal white population which displaced them would provide a receptive market for the sale of their baskets. Through the early decades of the 1900s, this circum-stance would help to sustain them in the absence of their age-old way of life. Other specific skills which proved valuable to those who appropriated the Washoes' former domain (including pole construction, the manu-facture of willow furniture and domestic work) will be mentioned in the course of subsequent narration. Meanwhile, we turn our attention to those who came next, each one perceiving a different and unique value in the land to which he would lay claim. Story by Carol Van Etten. </s>" <s> First to enjoy the beauty and bounty of the area we now call Meeks Bay were a number of family groups belonging to the tribe of Indians known as the Washoe, who occupied the lands surrounding the high mountain lake we now know as Tahoe. In winter, these family groups inhabited the valleys to the east which are today known as Carson, Washoe and Eagle. Little food could be gathered during this dormant, inclement period, and dietary staples which had been harvested and hunted during the spring, summer and fall of the year provided subsistence until spring came again. Meanwhile, the people fashioned and repaired their tools, clothing and houses. The winter encampments also afforded them opportunity for creative work and allowed for the family interaction which gave the group its strength and perpetuity. Winter houses, called galis dungal, were usually conical, supported by a main frame-work of securely-placed poles which were lashed together at the top. To these were added inter-mediate pine or willow poles, followed by several layers of cedar bark, pine boughs or manzanita. An interior fire pit, encircled with rocks and vented by a central roof opening, served the purposes of warmth and cooking. Among the Washoe's most important tools were their baskets. Valued today as pieces of fine art, these beautifully woven articles played crucial, practical roles in the daily life of the group. During the winter months, the women would sort and weave the willow, redbud, fern root and other plant materials collected during the year throughout the group's geographically varied territory into intricately beautiful con-tainers used for cooking, eating, carrying water and collecting the seeds and plant materials which were a major element of their diet. The skill demonstrated in the work of a fine basket was a source of understandable pride for the Washoe woman. Great care was taken in the time-consuming effort of weaving, and the results produced had their merits not only in terms of utility, but also beauty. DA OW A GA As the snows receded from the Washoe winter encampments on the valley floor, the strong youthful members of each camp would strike out for da ow a ga, the sacred lake high in the mountains to the west, whose name meant """the" giver of "life""." While some locations of questionable merit required the approval of the group's medicine woman before they could be occupied, a group usually returned to an established camp which was favored by an abundant quantity of the foods and medicinal plants necessary to sustain it through the year. Washoe tended to honor the prior use of a given area by one particular group, and thus a group would return to the same site year after year. Each group had a number of alternative camps to choose from, although with proper respect could also use a neighboring group's area. By preceding the elders and youngest children to their summer encampment, the more robust members of the group were able to observe the development of wild plants, gather foodstuffs and prepare the camp for the arrival of the rest of their group. It was of great importance, also, that their arrival be timed to take advantage of the annual migration of fish up the various tributaries of the Lake to spawn. MAGULU WATAH The bay we now call Meeks was known by the Washoe as magulu watah, one of a number of well-established sites around da ow a ga where fishing was good and wild strawberry, rasp-berry, currant and rhubarb were plentiful. Here too could be found camas, wild onions and lilies, and the seeds of native grasses important in the Washoe diet. WISE CUSTODIANS Summer at magulu watah was a time of gathering and fishing, the moment for each of these activities dictated by nature's own time-table. In gathering the various plant foods and materials, the Washoe were careful to observe management practices which would nurture and replenish the supply in seasons to come. Thinning the bulbs of the wild onion and loosening the soil to aerate the roots of plants were among the methods employed to insure their abundance in perpetuity. The meandering limbs of the wild currant bush, a plant used in the making of arrow shafts, were routinely pruned, encouraging those that remained to develop straight and strong. The roots of the bracken fern, an essential element in the dark designs of the intricately woven """three-willow""" baskets, were cultivated to attain great length, as this trait simplified the weaving process and enhanced the beauty of the finished product. The plenitude of fish at magulu watah made it a favored location for summer encampment. Though much of the catch was consumed immediately, a portion was left to dry in the sun, and stored away for winter use. At one of several large grinding rocks near the shore of the bay, the Washoe women gathered to grind this dried fish together with other ingredients to make a semi-perishable meal which was easily transported and quickly prepared. The use of grinding rocks at magulu watah represented not only a means of processing food, but an important focal point for the social and cultural continuity of the tribe. Here, while carrying out the daily work of food preparation, the women exchanged information and tribal lore, all the while keeping a watchful eye on their children at play on the shore and at the fringe of the surrounding forest. Two grinding stones still can be found within the perimeter of the bay, and a third lies nearby, buried beneath yards of dirt brought in during a highway paving project more than half a century ago. """There" were Washoe Indians here when we came. The Diggers weren't allowed, as the Washoes and Diggers fought and the Diggers were afraid. At one time, when an Indian girl died, they dressed her all in white, with a shield of basketwork over her breast. They sent for """cryers""" from Reno - three women who moaned and cried night and day. """They" used to have pow-wows and they would bring singers from Reno for these occasions. They built big camp fires and danced around the fires while the singers would sing - we would call it grunting. """When" a girl was old enough to be married, they would have a coming-out pow-wow. She would have a belt made of beads, beautiful handwork. The braves would be in an outside circle and the girls in an inside circle. When she was opposite the brave she wanted, she would throw him her belt, he would grasp it, and they were "married.""" As fall approached, the Washoe would gather their belongings and stores of winter food and depart magulu watah for their winter camp, remaining long enough at established locations along the way to harvest and hunt for the components of their winter diet which were to be found there. ENCROACHMENTS IN EDEN By the early 1860s, the pattern of the Washoe peoples' annual migration to magulu watah and the other encampments of the west shore had begun to be disturbed by a new presence: white interlopers whose intentions were in direct conflict with the the Washoe way of life. The wide territory which the Washoe had inhabited for thousands of years, rich with its many dietary, medicinal and cultural resources, was appropriated out of hand, and the resulting depletion of these vital resources gradually worked to diminish the productive value of the groups' annual migratory pattern. Another contributor to the demise of the Washoes' time-honored pattern of migration was the establishment of the Stewart Indian School in Carson City in the late 1920s. With the youth of the tribe confined to the school on a year-round basis, the vitality of the remaining group was no longer sufficient to accomplish their annual relocation. Further, the Washoe had no reason to hope, as they watched their ancestral lands pass into the domain of white """ownership""," that the tribe could ever rekindle the old life of hunting and gathering beside da ow a ga. While a few individuals continued to return to the site of magulu watah into the 1930s, it was not the traditional journey of their fore-fathers. Magulu watah was gone, and those few encampments which still existed had been pushed west, into the hills. The sites of the old encampments were now filled with many white men, and the old gathering places and fishing spots usurped. The peaceable nature of the Washoe people made the assumption of their former domain easy for those who came to enforce their own uses on the land. In fact, the hapless hospi-tality of these displaced Washoe family groups was seen by the new arrivals as a tentative first step in the development of what in many cases became lasting friendships. From another perspective, the Washoes' rather passive acceptance of their loss left open the possibility, however compromised, of their continuing presence. For while the arrival of these interlopers meant the Washoe could no longer use their former lands for gathering and hunting, the impossibility of continuing their traditional existence led to development of their cultural skills into a new means of survival. Ironically, the same seasonal white population which displaced them would provide a receptive market for the sale of their baskets. Through the early decades of the 1900s, this circum-stance would help to sustain them in the absence of their age-old way of life. Other specific skills which proved valuable to those who appropriated the Washoes' former domain (including pole construction, the manu-facture of willow furniture and domestic work) will be mentioned in the course of subsequent narration. Meanwhile, we turn our attention to those who came next, each one perceiving a different and unique value in the land to which he would lay claim. Story by Carol Van Etten. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Green outdoor living is all the buzz in the home renovation & construction industry. In case you’re looking for answers on how to build an eco-friendly deck or patio, we’ve got answers! This is the second in a 2-part series of articles on how to construct a green outdoor living space. Today we answer the remaining 4 of the top 7 questions we hear from homeowners who are considering building a green outdoor living space. Please check out “Part 1 – Tips to Build an Eco-friendly Deck or Patio” which has the first 3 questions in this set. 4) What materials should be used in green outdoor projects and in what climates? Answer: We recommend composite decking products for decks and outdoor living structures in all types of climates. Also, structural elements built with pressure southern yellow pine. Archadeck uses Trex, Fiberon and TimberTech eco-friendly products in our outdoor living space projects, and our customers have been extremely satisfied with the materials and look. There is a growing trend of composite decking products made from recycled, high-density polyethylene (HDPE). Eco-friendly decking and patio products are more natural-looking than ever before, and have better warranties than in prior years, including fading and stain resistant. Top manufacturers are supplying green and high-quality, repurposed decking materials for the industry. 5) What can you do to maintain and power wash/clean an eco-friendly deck? Answer: We highly recommend Renew Crew, our sister company with locations nationwide, that uses eco-friendly products. They help property managers and homeowners maintain their outdoor projects so that they keep the beauty and protect it. The products Renew Crew uses are proprietary and are made for use with their 3 step process. Pressure or power washing is great at removing surface dirt quickly. For a deep, long-lasting clean, there’s nothing better for your outdoor surfaces. Unfortunately, if done incorrectly, it can also quickly gouge your surfaces, leaving irreparable damages to your home or deck. If you want a true, deep clean — with no risk of gouging — nothing beats a Renew Crew Clean. 6) What type of layouts or designs work well for eco-friendly outdoor spaces and why? Answer: The latest generation of eco-friendly products can be used in all applications, so the design of your deck really depends on the existing structure of the building and landscaping and want type of space you want to create. Where possible, deck floorboards should be installed diagonally for added structural integrity and visual appeal. (If a parallel or perpendicular decking pattern is desired you can incorporate a diagonal brace below the deck frame.) Boards are typically screwed or installed with hidden fastening system rather than nailed. Be sure to design and construct around specific functional issues in your outdoor space. Wherever possible, wood grain should be aligned perpendicular with the traffic pattern to reduce the opportunity for splinters on bare feet. If a hot tub is planned, a multi-tier design is often recommended for aesthetic appeal and ease of access to both the tub and control panels. Interesting angles are employed on most deck designs to avoid an unimaginative, “boxy” appearance. 7) How should property owners determine the size of the deck? Answer: Think about how you want to use the space and how use of that space may need to change over time. You will need to balance function, aesthetics and budget in implementing your outdoor project. You can discuss the size and layout with a contractor or deck builder. The most important advice I can give is to employ a quality, reliable contractor who specializes in outdoor living spaces, is insured and licensed, and who is knowledgable of national construction codes. It’s official: Survey says that more American homeowners are adding outdoor rooms to their property! Here at Archadeck, we agree with the survey results and anticipate to see a high demand for these outdoor living features in 2013, with importance placed on function, durability & aesthetic. Coming up this weekend, Friday March 9th – Sunday, March 11th, 2012 is the return of the popular Suburban Maryland Spring Home Show at the Discovery Sports Center at Maryland SoccerPlex in Germantown MD. Admission is free (you can print a free pass from their website) and our company, Archadeck of Maryland, will be exhibiting at booth #624. Be sure to stop by the Archadeck of Maryland booth to check out pictures of our latest projects, find out more about our products and services, and ask our experts any questions about your upcoming home project. We look forward to seeing you at the home show! Coming up next week is the annual Washington Home & Garden Show at the DC Convention Center! Starting Friday, March 9th through Sunday, March 11th, 2012 you’ll be able to see HGTV celebrity experts in person, check out the latest in outdoor living trends and get inspired for your spring gardening & home projects! Archadeck of Maryland & Archadeck of Northern Virginia will be exhibiting at booth #1437, so be sure to stop by our booth to check out the latest in outdoor living trends, see examples of our top-notch work in the region, including custom built decks and outdoor spaces, and feel free to ask questions about your own upcoming design project to our experts. Celebrity guest Ty Pennington from HGTV, ABC Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, and ABC The Revolution (appearing Sat. 3/10 at 2:00pm). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Celebrity guest Todd Davis of HGTV’s Room Crashers (appearing Sat. 3/10 & Sun. 3/11). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Celebrity guest Sasha Andreev from HGTV’s Curb Appeal (appearing Fri. 3/9 & Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Local garden expert and publisher/founder of Washington Gardener Magazine, Kathy Jentz (appearing Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Sarah von Pollaro, founder Urban Petals Floral Design, whose designs have adorned the White House, the Kennedy Center, and the Macy’s Flower Show (appearing Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Innovation Avenue – check out the newest products in home decor, kitchen & bath, outdoor living & more! Glorious Gardens – Stroll through 16,000 sq feet of gardens and see the latest trends in landscaping & outdoor living. In the feature gardens you’ll be able to experience 6 movie-inspired gardens, designed by the area’s premier landscape designers! Tickets will be sold at the door (Adults $12; Children Ages 6-12 $3; Children 5 and under: FREE). If you’re in the DC area and have an upcoming outdoor or home project you’re planning this spring, be sure to stop by the Washington Home & Garden Show next weekend. We look forward to seeing you there! Make a list. Putting your home & design projects in writing and making a timeline is a great way to start tackling your new project and clarifying any desired features, specifications, intended use, and goals for the finished project or living space. Collect pictures of projects for design ideas. Clip pictures from magazines, start a virtual pinboard on Pinterest, or find a way to collect photos that help you visualize your desired end result. Ask for referrals. Word of mouth is a good way to start when finding a good contractor or renovation specialist. But don’t just ask friends and neighbors in person; be sure to check websites like Angie’s List, Yelp, My Neighbors Network (covering Maryland and Northern Virginia), the Better Business Bureau, Consumer’s CheckBook, etc. or look for testimonials on a company’s website. Check contractor for accreditation, to make sure they are licensed and insured. This information can be found through your state’s department of labor. In Maryland you can check the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation website to search for contractor licenses here. You’ll also want to make sure a company is insured and verify their warranty protection. Schedule in-home consultations. Start the process of getting quotes and scheduling design consultations so you can get a feel for a company or contractor before making a commitment. Take these simple steps to get your project on track and leap into spring with a new outdoor living space to enjoy. If you’re thinking about building a new deck, 3- or 4-season room, sun room, screened porch, patio, trellis, pergola, arbor or fire pit at your home in Montgomery County, Howard County, Anne Arundel County or Prince Georges County MD, give us a call to discuss ideas. Our design consultation is free. Give us a call at 301-926-3001 or email us to schedule yours today. </s>" <s> Green outdoor living is all the buzz in the home renovation & construction industry. In case you’re looking for answers on how to build an eco-friendly deck or patio, we’ve got answers! This is the second in a 2-part series of articles on how to construct a green outdoor living space. Today we answer the remaining 4 of the top 7 questions we hear from homeowners who are considering building a green outdoor living space. Please check out “Part 1 – Tips to Build an Eco-friendly Deck or Patio” which has the first 3 questions in this set. 4) What materials should be used in green outdoor projects and in what climates? Answer: We recommend composite decking products for decks and outdoor living structures in all types of climates. Also, structural elements built with pressure southern yellow pine. Archadeck uses Trex, Fiberon and TimberTech eco-friendly products in our outdoor living space projects, and our customers have been extremely satisfied with the materials and look. There is a growing trend of composite decking products made from recycled, high-density polyethylene (HDPE). Eco-friendly decking and patio products are more natural-looking than ever before, and have better warranties than in prior years, including fading and stain resistant. Top manufacturers are supplying green and high-quality, repurposed decking materials for the industry. 5) What can you do to maintain and power wash/clean an eco-friendly deck? Answer: We highly recommend Renew Crew, our sister company with locations nationwide, that uses eco-friendly products. They help property managers and homeowners maintain their outdoor projects so that they keep the beauty and protect it. The products Renew Crew uses are proprietary and are made for use with their 3 step process. Pressure or power washing is great at removing surface dirt quickly. For a deep, long-lasting clean, there’s nothing better for your outdoor surfaces. Unfortunately, if done incorrectly, it can also quickly gouge your surfaces, leaving irreparable damages to your home or deck. If you want a true, deep clean — with no risk of gouging — nothing beats a Renew Crew Clean. 6) What type of layouts or designs work well for eco-friendly outdoor spaces and why? Answer: The latest generation of eco-friendly products can be used in all applications, so the design of your deck really depends on the existing structure of the building and landscaping and want type of space you want to create. Where possible, deck floorboards should be installed diagonally for added structural integrity and visual appeal. (If a parallel or perpendicular decking pattern is desired you can incorporate a diagonal brace below the deck frame.) Boards are typically screwed or installed with hidden fastening system rather than nailed. Be sure to design and construct around specific functional issues in your outdoor space. Wherever possible, wood grain should be aligned perpendicular with the traffic pattern to reduce the opportunity for splinters on bare feet. If a hot tub is planned, a multi-tier design is often recommended for aesthetic appeal and ease of access to both the tub and control panels. Interesting angles are employed on most deck designs to avoid an unimaginative, “boxy” appearance. 7) How should property owners determine the size of the deck? Answer: Think about how you want to use the space and how use of that space may need to change over time. You will need to balance function, aesthetics and budget in implementing your outdoor project. You can discuss the size and layout with a contractor or deck builder. The most important advice I can give is to employ a quality, reliable contractor who specializes in outdoor living spaces, is insured and licensed, and who is knowledgable of national construction codes. It’s official: Survey says that more American homeowners are adding outdoor rooms to their property! Here at Archadeck, we agree with the survey results and anticipate to see a high demand for these outdoor living features in 2013, with importance placed on function, durability & aesthetic. Coming up this weekend, Friday March 9th – Sunday, March 11th, 2012 is the return of the popular Suburban Maryland Spring Home Show at the Discovery Sports Center at Maryland SoccerPlex in Germantown MD. Admission is free (you can print a free pass from their website) and our company, Archadeck of Maryland, will be exhibiting at booth #624. Be sure to stop by the Archadeck of Maryland booth to check out pictures of our latest projects, find out more about our products and services, and ask our experts any questions about your upcoming home project. We look forward to seeing you at the home show! Coming up next week is the annual Washington Home & Garden Show at the DC Convention Center! Starting Friday, March 9th through Sunday, March 11th, 2012 you’ll be able to see HGTV celebrity experts in person, check out the latest in outdoor living trends and get inspired for your spring gardening & home projects! Archadeck of Maryland & Archadeck of Northern Virginia will be exhibiting at booth #1437, so be sure to stop by our booth to check out the latest in outdoor living trends, see examples of our top-notch work in the region, including custom built decks and outdoor spaces, and feel free to ask questions about your own upcoming design project to our experts. Celebrity guest Ty Pennington from HGTV, ABC Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, and ABC The Revolution (appearing Sat. 3/10 at 2:00pm). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Celebrity guest Todd Davis of HGTV’s Room Crashers (appearing Sat. 3/10 & Sun. 3/11). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Celebrity guest Sasha Andreev from HGTV’s Curb Appeal (appearing Fri. 3/9 & Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Local garden expert and publisher/founder of Washington Gardener Magazine, Kathy Jentz (appearing Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Sarah von Pollaro, founder Urban Petals Floral Design, whose designs have adorned the White House, the Kennedy Center, and the Macy’s Flower Show (appearing Sat. 3/10). To see the complete schedule of stage presentations time/dates, click here. Innovation Avenue – check out the newest products in home decor, kitchen & bath, outdoor living & more! Glorious Gardens – Stroll through 16,000 sq feet of gardens and see the latest trends in landscaping & outdoor living. In the feature gardens you’ll be able to experience 6 movie-inspired gardens, designed by the area’s premier landscape designers! Tickets will be sold at the door (Adults $12; Children Ages 6-12 $3; Children 5 and under: FREE). If you’re in the DC area and have an upcoming outdoor or home project you’re planning this spring, be sure to stop by the Washington Home & Garden Show next weekend. We look forward to seeing you there! Make a list. Putting your home & design projects in writing and making a timeline is a great way to start tackling your new project and clarifying any desired features, specifications, intended use, and goals for the finished project or living space. Collect pictures of projects for design ideas. Clip pictures from magazines, start a virtual pinboard on Pinterest, or find a way to collect photos that help you visualize your desired end result. Ask for referrals. Word of mouth is a good way to start when finding a good contractor or renovation specialist. But don’t just ask friends and neighbors in person; be sure to check websites like Angie’s List, Yelp, My Neighbors Network (covering Maryland and Northern Virginia), the Better Business Bureau, Consumer’s CheckBook, etc. or look for testimonials on a company’s website. Check contractor for accreditation, to make sure they are licensed and insured. This information can be found through your state’s department of labor. In Maryland you can check the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation website to search for contractor licenses here. You’ll also want to make sure a company is insured and verify their warranty protection. Schedule in-home consultations. Start the process of getting quotes and scheduling design consultations so you can get a feel for a company or contractor before making a commitment. Take these simple steps to get your project on track and leap into spring with a new outdoor living space to enjoy. If you’re thinking about building a new deck, 3- or 4-season room, sun room, screened porch, patio, trellis, pergola, arbor or fire pit at your home in Montgomery County, Howard County, Anne Arundel County or Prince Georges County MD, give us a call to discuss ideas. Our design consultation is free. Give us a call at 301-926-3001 or email us to schedule yours today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Parallax Wallpapers & Backgrounds for iOS 7 by Mouluda Sohany (Free, 6.4 MB): Beautify your new Home screen with this eye-catching collection of wallpapers. After upgrading to iOS 7, you may have likely felt that the previous color scheme no longer works. It makes sense because the latest revisions of Apple's mobile operating system employs semi-transparency, i.e., blurred graphics, in many areas. For example, a beautiful sunset could look like a crayon creation behind the dozen of blending background folders. The point being, that you must rethink the theme. Many seem to prefer darker colors, though some do enjoy the pastel effect. It all depends on your preferences and icon organization. Thankfully, there are a lot of choices here, from simplistic patterns to epic photos with both light and dark palettes. You can browse the gallery in bunches or get a better look by previewing one-by-one. When something interests you, just tap the disk icon in the top-right to save the image to the iOS camera roll. Next, visit the Wallpapers and Brightness area of the iOS Settings app to apply them. Tap Quiz by Edin (Free, 4.1 MB): This quirky trivia game creates a challenging way for you or a group to pass the time. The primary source of difficulty stems from very vague statement-type questions, such as ""2 British bands."" However, only the necessary letters are present and, of course, the answers will be something famous, for example, the Beatles. Ultimately though, a group effort would probably be preferred to expand the range of expertise. Adding to the fun and toughness, the app is themed around a typewriter, one that's a little broken. I'm not just speaking of missing letters, which isn't a problem, but also regarding behavior. Specifically, the darn thing automatically jumps to a new line every minute, erasing any progress you've made. Although, you can start again and again and again, as many times as needed without any penalty, beyond a reduction of patience. The game features black and white 2-D graphics, typewriter sound effects, 120 general knowledge questions, and auto-saving progress. </s>" <s> Parallax Wallpapers & Backgrounds for iOS 7 by Mouluda Sohany (Free, 6.4 MB): Beautify your new Home screen with this eye-catching collection of wallpapers. After upgrading to iOS 7, you may have likely felt that the previous color scheme no longer works. It makes sense because the latest revisions of Apple's mobile operating system employs semi-transparency, i.e., blurred graphics, in many areas. For example, a beautiful sunset could look like a crayon creation behind the dozen of blending background folders. The point being, that you must rethink the theme. Many seem to prefer darker colors, though some do enjoy the pastel effect. It all depends on your preferences and icon organization. Thankfully, there are a lot of choices here, from simplistic patterns to epic photos with both light and dark palettes. You can browse the gallery in bunches or get a better look by previewing one-by-one. When something interests you, just tap the disk icon in the top-right to save the image to the iOS camera roll. Next, visit the Wallpapers and Brightness area of the iOS Settings app to apply them. Tap Quiz by Edin (Free, 4.1 MB): This quirky trivia game creates a challenging way for you or a group to pass the time. The primary source of difficulty stems from very vague statement-type questions, such as """2" British "bands.""" However, only the necessary letters are present and, of course, the answers will be something famous, for example, the Beatles. Ultimately though, a group effort would probably be preferred to expand the range of expertise. Adding to the fun and toughness, the app is themed around a typewriter, one that's a little broken. I'm not just speaking of missing letters, which isn't a problem, but also regarding behavior. Specifically, the darn thing automatically jumps to a new line every minute, erasing any progress you've made. Although, you can start again and again and again, as many times as needed without any penalty, beyond a reduction of patience. The game features black and white 2-D graphics, typewriter sound effects, 120 general knowledge questions, and auto-saving progress. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> 0.5W Eco bulb is Amazing in design and easy to install,LED bulbs from the latest collection of Trycone makes for a great choice for Decorations. It is made of a premium quality material and comes with the power consumption of 0.5 watts each. Easy to install and highly durable, They throw off cool Colorfull light and are perfect to be used on ceilings, in wooden cabinets and drawers and are also a great alternative for all other lights. </s>" <s> 0.5W Eco bulb is Amazing in design and easy to install,LED bulbs from the latest collection of Trycone makes for a great choice for Decorations. It is made of a premium quality material and comes with the power consumption of 0.5 watts each. Easy to install and highly durable, They throw off cool Colorfull light and are perfect to be used on ceilings, in wooden cabinets and drawers and are also a great alternative for all other lights. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> How low can the price of a Windows PC go? At this week's IFA show in Berlin, PC makers are rolling out new PCs with outrageously aggressive pricing. Here's how they're cutting costs. How do you compete when your fiercest rival is willing to give away its product? That’s the dilemma Microsoft faces in trying to compete with Google, which offers the Android operating system and Chrome OS to OEMs for nothing. In all other respects, this is just Windows 8.1, available in 32-bit and 64-bit versions, with variants in Chinese and single (non-English) languages. At the IFA tradeshow in Berlin this week, OEMs have begun taking advantage of the lower Windows licensing cost to unleash a flood of small tablets at prices that were previously unheard of for Windows devices. Toshiba’s 7-inch Encore Mini tablet , for example, will sell for $120 in the U.S. (129 Euros in Europe). Acer’s Iconia Tab 8 W , an 8-inch tablet with a quad-core CPU, is priced aggressively as well, at $150. And plenty more are on the way, all running Windows 8.1 for Bing. The new, cheaper Windows isn’t just for tablets. Microsoft and its OEM partners are taking aim at Chromebooks, with Windows 8.1 with Bing showing up on low-cost laptops this week as well. Toshiba’s new Satellite CL10-B , for example, is an 11-inch clamshell-style laptop with 32 GB of eMMC flash storage and 100 GB of OneDrive cloud storage, prepaid for two years. The price tag of 269 Euros undercuts the new 13-inch Chromebook 2, which Toshiba is exhibiting a mere 10 feet away at its IFA stand. That device, with a bigger screen, checks in at a price of 349 Euros for 16 GB of built-in storage and 100 GB of Google Drive cloud storage, also prepaid for two years. And it’s just one of many similar neo-netbooks that will be showing up this fall, including the resurrection of the Ur-netbook, the ASUS EeeBook Z205, at $199. HP’s Pavilion 10Z , introduced earlier this summer, is one of the few Windows 8.1 with Bing devices that includes a touchscreen. One way that Microsoft and its partners are able to tamp down costs is by shrinking the amount of built-in storage available with these new devices. The specs for Windows 8.1 with Bing allow manufacturers to ship tablets with as little as 16 GB of flash (or SSD) storage. The clamshell devices typically include 32 GB of flash RAM. The reason PC makers can get away with such skimpy storage is a new feature called WIMBoot, which allows the OEM to install Windows so that it runs directly from the compressed image file previously used only for Windows 8.x recovery functions. This diagram, taken from a Microsoft technical article for OEMs, explains how the disk layout differs for a WIMBoot installation. With a WIMBoot installation, the system boots from the same Windows image (WIM) file used for system recovery purposes, freeing huge amounts of disk space. Image via Microsoft TechNet. That’s a huge improvement over a conventional Windows installation, which can gobble up half of a 32 GB drive. In my tests of other systems using WIMBoot compression, I've seen no degradation of performance. In addition, every device I looked at offers expansion through removable storage. Several of the low-cost devices I’ve seen at IFA so far also include a one-year subscription to Office 365 Personal. Presumably Microsoft is betting that a significant proportion of those device owners will get hooked on Office and renew their subscription when the year is up. The move is vaguely reminiscent of the inexpensive Starter editions Microsoft released in the Windows Vista and Windows 7 era. Those editions were hobbled, feature-wise, and at one point Microsoft even planned to restrict those editions to running only three apps simultaneously, although they eventually reversed course on that decision. In contrast, Windows 8.1 with Bing contains the full Windows feature set. And it's worth remembering that although those early netbooks were unbearably slow, that's not likely to be a problem with this generation. Modern CPUs are more than capable of handling the demands of media consumption and basic productivity tasks without breaking a sweat. None of these low-priced devices will be suitable for video or photo editing but that's not their intended role. For OEMs already dealing with razor-thin profit margins, these new device classes are a mixed blessing at best. The slimmer prices will also drive down revenues for Microsoft, which is used to collecting a full license fee for every Windows device. But for consumers the low prices might be enough to distract attention away from Android devices and Chromebooks. This story has been updated since its original publication to include discussions of WIMBoot performance and historical comparisons with earlier Windows versions. </s>" <s> How low can the price of a Windows PC go? At this week's IFA show in Berlin, PC makers are rolling out new PCs with outrageously aggressive pricing. Here's how they're cutting costs. How do you compete when your fiercest rival is willing to give away its product? That’s the dilemma Microsoft faces in trying to compete with Google, which offers the Android operating system and Chrome OS to OEMs for nothing. In all other respects, this is just Windows 8.1, available in 32-bit and 64-bit versions, with variants in Chinese and single (non-English) languages. At the IFA tradeshow in Berlin this week, OEMs have begun taking advantage of the lower Windows licensing cost to unleash a flood of small tablets at prices that were previously unheard of for Windows devices. Toshiba’s 7-inch Encore Mini tablet , for example, will sell for $120 in the U.S. (129 Euros in Europe). Acer’s Iconia Tab 8 W , an 8-inch tablet with a quad-core CPU, is priced aggressively as well, at $150. And plenty more are on the way, all running Windows 8.1 for Bing. The new, cheaper Windows isn’t just for tablets. Microsoft and its OEM partners are taking aim at Chromebooks, with Windows 8.1 with Bing showing up on low-cost laptops this week as well. Toshiba’s new Satellite CL10-B , for example, is an 11-inch clamshell-style laptop with 32 GB of eMMC flash storage and 100 GB of OneDrive cloud storage, prepaid for two years. The price tag of 269 Euros undercuts the new 13-inch Chromebook 2, which Toshiba is exhibiting a mere 10 feet away at its IFA stand. That device, with a bigger screen, checks in at a price of 349 Euros for 16 GB of built-in storage and 100 GB of Google Drive cloud storage, also prepaid for two years. And it’s just one of many similar neo-netbooks that will be showing up this fall, including the resurrection of the Ur-netbook, the ASUS EeeBook Z205, at $199. HP’s Pavilion 10Z , introduced earlier this summer, is one of the few Windows 8.1 with Bing devices that includes a touchscreen. One way that Microsoft and its partners are able to tamp down costs is by shrinking the amount of built-in storage available with these new devices. The specs for Windows 8.1 with Bing allow manufacturers to ship tablets with as little as 16 GB of flash (or SSD) storage. The clamshell devices typically include 32 GB of flash RAM. The reason PC makers can get away with such skimpy storage is a new feature called WIMBoot, which allows the OEM to install Windows so that it runs directly from the compressed image file previously used only for Windows 8.x recovery functions. This diagram, taken from a Microsoft technical article for OEMs, explains how the disk layout differs for a WIMBoot installation. With a WIMBoot installation, the system boots from the same Windows image (WIM) file used for system recovery purposes, freeing huge amounts of disk space. Image via Microsoft TechNet. That’s a huge improvement over a conventional Windows installation, which can gobble up half of a 32 GB drive. In my tests of other systems using WIMBoot compression, I've seen no degradation of performance. In addition, every device I looked at offers expansion through removable storage. Several of the low-cost devices I’ve seen at IFA so far also include a one-year subscription to Office 365 Personal. Presumably Microsoft is betting that a significant proportion of those device owners will get hooked on Office and renew their subscription when the year is up. The move is vaguely reminiscent of the inexpensive Starter editions Microsoft released in the Windows Vista and Windows 7 era. Those editions were hobbled, feature-wise, and at one point Microsoft even planned to restrict those editions to running only three apps simultaneously, although they eventually reversed course on that decision. In contrast, Windows 8.1 with Bing contains the full Windows feature set. And it's worth remembering that although those early netbooks were unbearably slow, that's not likely to be a problem with this generation. Modern CPUs are more than capable of handling the demands of media consumption and basic productivity tasks without breaking a sweat. None of these low-priced devices will be suitable for video or photo editing but that's not their intended role. For OEMs already dealing with razor-thin profit margins, these new device classes are a mixed blessing at best. The slimmer prices will also drive down revenues for Microsoft, which is used to collecting a full license fee for every Windows device. But for consumers the low prices might be enough to distract attention away from Android devices and Chromebooks. This story has been updated since its original publication to include discussions of WIMBoot performance and historical comparisons with earlier Windows versions. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> When preparing to move, everyone wants to avoid that last-minute panic of packing and cleaning that always seems to sneak up on them. With this moving checklist, people know what to expect and can make the process that much smoother. A few months before the move, people should invest the time to make a list of everything they will need to shift. The task includes changing address and schools, and ensuring that necessary services do not get interrupted for too long. This is also an excellent time to start organizing the home to make packing easier. No one wants to pack a bunch of items they do not really want to keep. In the second month before the move, people should work on decluttering the space. Starting early allows them enough time to hold a garage sale and properly sort their belongings. Some services and other processes take weeks to transition, so this time period is a practical chance to start the formal transition of moving. Although people might have a rough estimate of when they plan to move, at this point, they need to set a defined schedule. People who are only moving across town might choose one day to do most of the moving, and follow up with the rest. An interstate move requires more care, since those who are moving might have to do it all at once. Remember, it's probably smart to buy more than it seems necessary, because people often need more boxes than they expect. Buying or selling a home is challenging enough, but waiting for a few days without power or internet services at the new home is a hassle. People should sign up for services a few weeks before they move. It is now time to research options in the new neighborhood and set a plan to have services turned on upon arrival. Packing of non-essential items continues during this period, and increases in volume as the clock ticks downward. The last couple weeks before the move involves a great deal of packing. Devising a system that others can follow lets friends and family members help out. Everyone should label the boxes with the proper destination room and the contents of the box, to minimize confusion after the move. The items that are needed on a daily basis should be grouped and organized, so that they do not get packed by accident. In the remaining days prior to moving day, focus a lot of energy on making up for any delays in previous steps of this process. Sellers should be ready to switch back and forth between packing and cleaning, since some cleaning and repair services may take days to arrange and complete. If the rest of the moving process has run fairly smoothly, people should have time to consult their to-do list on the night before the move. This is not a good time to miss any important tasks, so the list should be double-checked for completeness. It's also a good idea to run through everything needed before transferring control of your home to another party. In order to be successful, moving calls for a high degree of organization. People should carry their checklist and mark items as they are put on the truck. The belongings needed most should be packed at the very end, so that they can be the unpacked first at the new home. Last-minute cleaning and inspection is often easier to do once all possessions have been removed and the home is ready for transfer. Moving to a new home is complicated, but there are ways to lower the stress. With these tips, people can make progress and arrive at moving day ready to go. </s>" <s> When preparing to move, everyone wants to avoid that last-minute panic of packing and cleaning that always seems to sneak up on them. With this moving checklist, people know what to expect and can make the process that much smoother. A few months before the move, people should invest the time to make a list of everything they will need to shift. The task includes changing address and schools, and ensuring that necessary services do not get interrupted for too long. This is also an excellent time to start organizing the home to make packing easier. No one wants to pack a bunch of items they do not really want to keep. In the second month before the move, people should work on decluttering the space. Starting early allows them enough time to hold a garage sale and properly sort their belongings. Some services and other processes take weeks to transition, so this time period is a practical chance to start the formal transition of moving. Although people might have a rough estimate of when they plan to move, at this point, they need to set a defined schedule. People who are only moving across town might choose one day to do most of the moving, and follow up with the rest. An interstate move requires more care, since those who are moving might have to do it all at once. Remember, it's probably smart to buy more than it seems necessary, because people often need more boxes than they expect. Buying or selling a home is challenging enough, but waiting for a few days without power or internet services at the new home is a hassle. People should sign up for services a few weeks before they move. It is now time to research options in the new neighborhood and set a plan to have services turned on upon arrival. Packing of non-essential items continues during this period, and increases in volume as the clock ticks downward. The last couple weeks before the move involves a great deal of packing. Devising a system that others can follow lets friends and family members help out. Everyone should label the boxes with the proper destination room and the contents of the box, to minimize confusion after the move. The items that are needed on a daily basis should be grouped and organized, so that they do not get packed by accident. In the remaining days prior to moving day, focus a lot of energy on making up for any delays in previous steps of this process. Sellers should be ready to switch back and forth between packing and cleaning, since some cleaning and repair services may take days to arrange and complete. If the rest of the moving process has run fairly smoothly, people should have time to consult their to-do list on the night before the move. This is not a good time to miss any important tasks, so the list should be double-checked for completeness. It's also a good idea to run through everything needed before transferring control of your home to another party. In order to be successful, moving calls for a high degree of organization. People should carry their checklist and mark items as they are put on the truck. The belongings needed most should be packed at the very end, so that they can be the unpacked first at the new home. Last-minute cleaning and inspection is often easier to do once all possessions have been removed and the home is ready for transfer. Moving to a new home is complicated, but there are ways to lower the stress. With these tips, people can make progress and arrive at moving day ready to go. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Note: The Princely Armoury Schwarzburg can only be visited with a guided tour. Guided tours every hour starting from 10.00 am. The tour lasts about 45 minutes. Photo and video recordings are not permitted for conservational reasons (no photo permission can be purchased). *Pupils, students up to 27 years of age, social passport holders and severely disabled persons are considered reduced. </s>" <s> Note: The Princely Armoury Schwarzburg can only be visited with a guided tour. Guided tours every hour starting from 10.00 am. The tour lasts about 45 minutes. Photo and video recordings are not permitted for conservational reasons (no photo permission can be purchased). *Pupils, students up to 27 years of age, social passport holders and severely disabled persons are considered reduced. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Console Error: I was idle at the time it happened with the Lands GUI open. Thanks for the report. Working on it. </s>" <s> Console Error: I was idle at the time it happened with the Lands GUI open. Thanks for the report. Working on it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Scattered issues wanting. July 19-Sept 20, 1973 filmed with Jan. 1974. Scattered issues wanting. July 19-Sept. 20, 1973 filmed with Jan. 1974. </s>" <s> Scattered issues wanting. July 19-Sept 20, 1973 filmed with Jan. 1974. Scattered issues wanting. July 19-Sept. 20, 1973 filmed with Jan. 1974. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> FORTUNE — As an investor, Ali Partovi straddles two worlds. On one side is the passion for technology that led to him to be an early backer of companies such as Dropbox and Facebook (FB). And on the other is an intense interest in food and agriculture which aligns him with the Michael Pollan crowd. Now in Hampton Creek Foods, a startup that makes plant-based egg alternatives, Partovi has found a company that, like him, inhabits both spaces. Partovi and his twin brother, Hadi, together invested $1 million in Hampton Creek’s Series B financing that was announced this week. The round closed at $23 million and was led by Hong Kong-based venture capital firm Horizons Ventures, which is run by Li Ka-shing, reportedly Asia’s wealthiest person. Other investors in the round included Yahoo (YHOO) co-founder and former CEO Jerry Yang and Jessica Powell of Google (GOOG). The Series B financing brings Hampton Creek’s total funding to $30 million. Hampton Creek takes a different approach to animal protein alternatives than other companies in the space, some of which are working on growing meat in a lab from animal cells (a.k.a. “petri meat,” “cultured meat,” “in vitro meat”). Rather than trying to duplicate something that comes from an animal, Hampton Creek is focused primarily on creating substitutes for the chemical uses of eggs. More than one trillion eggs are laid every year, and in the U.S. a third of them end up in things like cookies, muffins, and mayonnaise, says Hampton Creek founder and CEO Josh Tetrick. Tetrick decided to make the $11.3 billion global mayo market his primary target. The company’s first product, Just Mayo, uses the protein of one of the thousands of varieties of yellow peas as an emulsifier rather than egg yolk. Tetrick is a vegan who was inspired to start Hampton Creek because he was disgusted by intensive animal agriculture — its treatment of animals, its resulting food safety issues, and the general inefficiencies of the system. However, he wants his product to have widespread appeal, not only to the environmentally conscious. He downplays his own beliefs around food politics and instead focuses on making his product mainstream — he has a distribution deal with Whole Foods (WFM) — and more affordable than the alternatives. Partovi, who Tetrick met at a dinner party in October, first got interested in the social causes around food after reading Michael Pollan’s The Omnivore’s Dilemma, which made him feel like the food in his diet had been deceptively marketed to him. He is an adviser to Farmland LP, a real estate fund that buys conventional farmland and converts the crops to organic. He said that formula rarely exists, but when it does — as was the case with Hampton Creek — it’s a great investment opportunity. </s>" <s> FORTUNE — As an investor, Ali Partovi straddles two worlds. On one side is the passion for technology that led to him to be an early backer of companies such as Dropbox and Facebook (FB). And on the other is an intense interest in food and agriculture which aligns him with the Michael Pollan crowd. Now in Hampton Creek Foods, a startup that makes plant-based egg alternatives, Partovi has found a company that, like him, inhabits both spaces. Partovi and his twin brother, Hadi, together invested $1 million in Hampton Creek’s Series B financing that was announced this week. The round closed at $23 million and was led by Hong Kong-based venture capital firm Horizons Ventures, which is run by Li Ka-shing, reportedly Asia’s wealthiest person. Other investors in the round included Yahoo (YHOO) co-founder and former CEO Jerry Yang and Jessica Powell of Google (GOOG). The Series B financing brings Hampton Creek’s total funding to $30 million. Hampton Creek takes a different approach to animal protein alternatives than other companies in the space, some of which are working on growing meat in a lab from animal cells (a.k.a. “petri meat,” “cultured meat,” “in vitro meat”). Rather than trying to duplicate something that comes from an animal, Hampton Creek is focused primarily on creating substitutes for the chemical uses of eggs. More than one trillion eggs are laid every year, and in the U.S. a third of them end up in things like cookies, muffins, and mayonnaise, says Hampton Creek founder and CEO Josh Tetrick. Tetrick decided to make the $11.3 billion global mayo market his primary target. The company’s first product, Just Mayo, uses the protein of one of the thousands of varieties of yellow peas as an emulsifier rather than egg yolk. Tetrick is a vegan who was inspired to start Hampton Creek because he was disgusted by intensive animal agriculture — its treatment of animals, its resulting food safety issues, and the general inefficiencies of the system. However, he wants his product to have widespread appeal, not only to the environmentally conscious. He downplays his own beliefs around food politics and instead focuses on making his product mainstream — he has a distribution deal with Whole Foods (WFM) — and more affordable than the alternatives. Partovi, who Tetrick met at a dinner party in October, first got interested in the social causes around food after reading Michael Pollan’s The Omnivore’s Dilemma, which made him feel like the food in his diet had been deceptively marketed to him. He is an adviser to Farmland LP, a real estate fund that buys conventional farmland and converts the crops to organic. He said that formula rarely exists, but when it does — as was the case with Hampton Creek — it’s a great investment opportunity. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> On the other hand, a comforter can be cleaned with ease and along with the other bedding. Like duvets, comforters too have sham covers that are offered in sets to match with pillows. Being the main bedspread, individuals who like altering the appearance of their bedding can find a number of appealing comforter and pillow cover sets in numerous patterns and colors. The covers can be cleaned without any special care. Eiderdown is thought about to be, definitely, the most fine-tuned in addition to the softest of all the downs. Eiderdown is truly a greatly-sought after substance and for that reason the demand is considerably higher than the real supply. Bed comforters crafted from Icelandic eiderdown market for huge price tags inside economies such as Japan and Germany. Price cut children Bedspreads Comforter Sets is conveniently available, but discovering a collection of good quality that lets your slightly girl show her sweet and spicy sides can be a frustrating task if you do not research everything in advance. You would undoubtedly save your valuable money and important time if you select the right type of hassle-free, comfy bedding set, bearing the right type of womanly search for your slightly princess that would be her silent partner on the course taking her swiftly from her days of infancy in the direction of the days of teenage years. The cost will range from the low expense and till the high expense. If you already fix the cost in your mind, then you could not have to search in for all the products. It will be easy for you if you begin browsing in for the cost variety and then pick the alternative. Most of individuals like this alternative as they will prefer to keep in the cost variety in their mind and then begin choosing for the item. Knowing concerning exactly what is consisted of in the luxury bedding sets is a benefit to you. This is due to the fact that you have the ability to save your cash when you are purchasing exactly what you know as opposed to exactly what you do not know. Always put in mind that the carriers of the bed settings assume that you know virtually everything. Exactly what many people miss out on is the fact that decorating the bedroom is really something that can be done relatively easily. If more individuals knew that altering cotton bedspreads and adding attractive throw pillows on the bed can make a big impact to the feel of the room, such a huge variety of individuals would do this that sales for such items would blow up! When you discover bedspreads that are full of colors that you discover peaceful, the bed becomes a beacon of rest for the weary. You can bring a splash of color to your bedspread by adding ornamental pillows. Finishing off the look with matching curtains can really complete the improvement. You will be shocked by the difference that new bedspreads and window curtains can make in a space. In addition there are several multi-colored designs that one might select from. In order to actually feel heat and luxury, you can choose cotton, wool or cotton. For guest spaces, you may wish to select satin, polyester and silk. If you want enjoyment to the style of your bedroom, a person can mix things up with the help of duvet sets. The very best aspect of picking duvet sets is the fact it may be taken care of quickly. Because they are equipment washable, you’ll be able to throw them to the washer and they’re going to smell like brand name brand-new. Many property owner value the thought that it is not troublesome. As discussed, some individuals are so obsessed with their beds that they would wish to alter it virtually every other day. However, queen Bedspreads Comforter Sets sets can sometimes be expensive and if you are addicted to collecting them in different designs and colors, then it definitely will burnt a hole in your pocket. If you are on a tight budget, then it is most proper for you to find out when will be the best and correct time to purchase nice bedding. There are quite a few women who are rambunctious and tomboyish, while there are lots of others who are more typically frilly and feminine in their tastes. Normally, your slightly woman like many others will discover herself someplace in the center of the spectrum which can make redoing her space somewhat of a challenge due to the fact that neither princesses nor dinosaurs will make her delighted as theme for her space. One of the most renowneded luxury bedding styles is goose feather filled bedding which a lot of people will promise is the nicest way to sleep. Nevertheless that is frequently because they havent yet discovered silk filled duvets which can go an action further when it comes to getting a decent and comfortable nights’ sleep. Each brand-new stage of your growing little girl’s altering life is similarly important, bringing with it its own unique challenges and rewards for both of you. Make your little girl’s trip from being a toddler to a full-fledged child far more special by treating her to an enjoyable yet budget-friendly brand-new bedroom design, thanks to adorable, cozy Kids bedding low-cost. Another great aspect of these sets is that it features the normal standard size that is generally readily available in dormitory. Nevertheless, simply to be sure, verify this with the university dormitory. In addition, you can also choose to purchase these online. So if they need a new set, you can acquire it online and have it directly provided to your daughter’s or boy’s dorm room. This conserves them the inconvenience of heading out to discover a set or needing to await you to send them the money to acquire one. Having a comfortable night’s sleep is typically a catalyst for an excellent mood the following day, so together with your duvet and mattress, a new metal bed frame from a developed supplier can also help you on the way. With singles, doubles, kings and very kings offered, this business apparently have the ideal down duvets for each bed. After usage, anything starts deteriorating in quality and so does the quilt, the minute you rest on it, it is not new any more. The minute it enters usage, the Tog score starts to get lost particularly if washing occurs. The warm minutes are essential and thus they are the determinant factors of the Tog ratings and are at their best in a rough guide. How cheap the quilt is tells us how low the tog score is and so does the quality of materials that constitutes it, bad. On its own the tog score tells you less about the quality of a quilt. It is necessary to observe the tog score when you are selecting a quilt but this does not bur you from a bargain. When it occurs for the Bedspreads Comforter Sets ensembles, it is higher for folks to select the natural cotton bedding ensembles with great wetness absorption, along with the fiber cotton is actually an excellent alternative. Such bedding ensembles are so comfortable and cozy. And the bedding assortiment which can be made of Dacron in addition to other polyester supplies have very bad wetness absorption, these are easy to produce fixed electrical energy, and it can be easy for them to become stained with dirt. As a result, if you genuinely prefer to choose the polyester-made bedding ensembles, you may select those with scaled-down subject product of polyester. Likewise, the bedding ensembles should not be too hard or method too thick, for this sort of bedding ensembles are easy to allow dusts deposit around the mattress pad. The levels of heat in the alternative bedding differs, so knowing where the primary location for your bedding will be essential. If you are in a region where it does not get cold, you might desire a lighter weight fill than in a region where it gets very cold. Selecting the right heat level will be essential for you to be comfortable in the temperature level where your bed will be. You’ll discover they are available in many of the very same sizes as a routine comforter, and this suggests you can discover those remarkable decorative throws for cuddling up, they are available in baby bedding to keep your baby curling up warm, and obviously come in young people and twin sized styles, along with King and Queen. It also does not matter exactly what your home decoration is, you’re going to discover something to match with the alternative comforters offered. The economy could also have something to do with the current reductions in bedding costs. Cash flow is very important to any business. And with retail sales dropping everywhere, merchants have to discover a means to move the merchandise. They could be offering merely to get money in the registers throughout tough times, or they could be offering bedding as a loss leader to get you into the store. An assortment of patterns and colors that rightly complement the design of your bedroom, designs in geometric print, flower prints not to discuss ethnic designs, precise crafting you can purchase Bedsheets that rightly matches your choices. Yes, you can make your rooms much better locations to stay in, boosting the entire appearances, yet economically. Even the most lovely of bedsheets will not burn a hole in your pocket. The trick depends on buying them at online stores where optimal discounts are provided. It is not only discounts that matter; exactly what you purchase ought to be unique. Not all retailers or online stores sell bedspreads that are special, ingenious, and unique. A search online will well serve your function of finding the right online shopping portal. You do not have to go to a five star hotel or have lots of cash to own one of the most popular kinds of Bedspreads Comforter Sets known today. You can now shop online for one and experience exactly what it resembles to be treated like nobility. What many individuals do not understand is that this certain type of bedding was renowneded several years back in five star hotels and health spas in Europe. You needed to be extremely rich or lucky to own a comforter cover. </s>" <s> On the other hand, a comforter can be cleaned with ease and along with the other bedding. Like duvets, comforters too have sham covers that are offered in sets to match with pillows. Being the main bedspread, individuals who like altering the appearance of their bedding can find a number of appealing comforter and pillow cover sets in numerous patterns and colors. The covers can be cleaned without any special care. Eiderdown is thought about to be, definitely, the most fine-tuned in addition to the softest of all the downs. Eiderdown is truly a greatly-sought after substance and for that reason the demand is considerably higher than the real supply. Bed comforters crafted from Icelandic eiderdown market for huge price tags inside economies such as Japan and Germany. Price cut children Bedspreads Comforter Sets is conveniently available, but discovering a collection of good quality that lets your slightly girl show her sweet and spicy sides can be a frustrating task if you do not research everything in advance. You would undoubtedly save your valuable money and important time if you select the right type of hassle-free, comfy bedding set, bearing the right type of womanly search for your slightly princess that would be her silent partner on the course taking her swiftly from her days of infancy in the direction of the days of teenage years. The cost will range from the low expense and till the high expense. If you already fix the cost in your mind, then you could not have to search in for all the products. It will be easy for you if you begin browsing in for the cost variety and then pick the alternative. Most of individuals like this alternative as they will prefer to keep in the cost variety in their mind and then begin choosing for the item. Knowing concerning exactly what is consisted of in the luxury bedding sets is a benefit to you. This is due to the fact that you have the ability to save your cash when you are purchasing exactly what you know as opposed to exactly what you do not know. Always put in mind that the carriers of the bed settings assume that you know virtually everything. Exactly what many people miss out on is the fact that decorating the bedroom is really something that can be done relatively easily. If more individuals knew that altering cotton bedspreads and adding attractive throw pillows on the bed can make a big impact to the feel of the room, such a huge variety of individuals would do this that sales for such items would blow up! When you discover bedspreads that are full of colors that you discover peaceful, the bed becomes a beacon of rest for the weary. You can bring a splash of color to your bedspread by adding ornamental pillows. Finishing off the look with matching curtains can really complete the improvement. You will be shocked by the difference that new bedspreads and window curtains can make in a space. In addition there are several multi-colored designs that one might select from. In order to actually feel heat and luxury, you can choose cotton, wool or cotton. For guest spaces, you may wish to select satin, polyester and silk. If you want enjoyment to the style of your bedroom, a person can mix things up with the help of duvet sets. The very best aspect of picking duvet sets is the fact it may be taken care of quickly. Because they are equipment washable, you’ll be able to throw them to the washer and they’re going to smell like brand name brand-new. Many property owner value the thought that it is not troublesome. As discussed, some individuals are so obsessed with their beds that they would wish to alter it virtually every other day. However, queen Bedspreads Comforter Sets sets can sometimes be expensive and if you are addicted to collecting them in different designs and colors, then it definitely will burnt a hole in your pocket. If you are on a tight budget, then it is most proper for you to find out when will be the best and correct time to purchase nice bedding. There are quite a few women who are rambunctious and tomboyish, while there are lots of others who are more typically frilly and feminine in their tastes. Normally, your slightly woman like many others will discover herself someplace in the center of the spectrum which can make redoing her space somewhat of a challenge due to the fact that neither princesses nor dinosaurs will make her delighted as theme for her space. One of the most renowneded luxury bedding styles is goose feather filled bedding which a lot of people will promise is the nicest way to sleep. Nevertheless that is frequently because they havent yet discovered silk filled duvets which can go an action further when it comes to getting a decent and comfortable nights’ sleep. Each brand-new stage of your growing little girl’s altering life is similarly important, bringing with it its own unique challenges and rewards for both of you. Make your little girl’s trip from being a toddler to a full-fledged child far more special by treating her to an enjoyable yet budget-friendly brand-new bedroom design, thanks to adorable, cozy Kids bedding low-cost. Another great aspect of these sets is that it features the normal standard size that is generally readily available in dormitory. Nevertheless, simply to be sure, verify this with the university dormitory. In addition, you can also choose to purchase these online. So if they need a new set, you can acquire it online and have it directly provided to your daughter’s or boy’s dorm room. This conserves them the inconvenience of heading out to discover a set or needing to await you to send them the money to acquire one. Having a comfortable night’s sleep is typically a catalyst for an excellent mood the following day, so together with your duvet and mattress, a new metal bed frame from a developed supplier can also help you on the way. With singles, doubles, kings and very kings offered, this business apparently have the ideal down duvets for each bed. After usage, anything starts deteriorating in quality and so does the quilt, the minute you rest on it, it is not new any more. The minute it enters usage, the Tog score starts to get lost particularly if washing occurs. The warm minutes are essential and thus they are the determinant factors of the Tog ratings and are at their best in a rough guide. How cheap the quilt is tells us how low the tog score is and so does the quality of materials that constitutes it, bad. On its own the tog score tells you less about the quality of a quilt. It is necessary to observe the tog score when you are selecting a quilt but this does not bur you from a bargain. When it occurs for the Bedspreads Comforter Sets ensembles, it is higher for folks to select the natural cotton bedding ensembles with great wetness absorption, along with the fiber cotton is actually an excellent alternative. Such bedding ensembles are so comfortable and cozy. And the bedding assortiment which can be made of Dacron in addition to other polyester supplies have very bad wetness absorption, these are easy to produce fixed electrical energy, and it can be easy for them to become stained with dirt. As a result, if you genuinely prefer to choose the polyester-made bedding ensembles, you may select those with scaled-down subject product of polyester. Likewise, the bedding ensembles should not be too hard or method too thick, for this sort of bedding ensembles are easy to allow dusts deposit around the mattress pad. The levels of heat in the alternative bedding differs, so knowing where the primary location for your bedding will be essential. If you are in a region where it does not get cold, you might desire a lighter weight fill than in a region where it gets very cold. Selecting the right heat level will be essential for you to be comfortable in the temperature level where your bed will be. You’ll discover they are available in many of the very same sizes as a routine comforter, and this suggests you can discover those remarkable decorative throws for cuddling up, they are available in baby bedding to keep your baby curling up warm, and obviously come in young people and twin sized styles, along with King and Queen. It also does not matter exactly what your home decoration is, you’re going to discover something to match with the alternative comforters offered. The economy could also have something to do with the current reductions in bedding costs. Cash flow is very important to any business. And with retail sales dropping everywhere, merchants have to discover a means to move the merchandise. They could be offering merely to get money in the registers throughout tough times, or they could be offering bedding as a loss leader to get you into the store. An assortment of patterns and colors that rightly complement the design of your bedroom, designs in geometric print, flower prints not to discuss ethnic designs, precise crafting you can purchase Bedsheets that rightly matches your choices. Yes, you can make your rooms much better locations to stay in, boosting the entire appearances, yet economically. Even the most lovely of bedsheets will not burn a hole in your pocket. The trick depends on buying them at online stores where optimal discounts are provided. It is not only discounts that matter; exactly what you purchase ought to be unique. Not all retailers or online stores sell bedspreads that are special, ingenious, and unique. A search online will well serve your function of finding the right online shopping portal. You do not have to go to a five star hotel or have lots of cash to own one of the most popular kinds of Bedspreads Comforter Sets known today. You can now shop online for one and experience exactly what it resembles to be treated like nobility. What many individuals do not understand is that this certain type of bedding was renowneded several years back in five star hotels and health spas in Europe. You needed to be extremely rich or lucky to own a comforter cover. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Smart Vision Lights is a leader in developing and manufacturing machine vision lights for the advanced lighting industry. Our products feature high current LED's and an intelligent driver in every light. The Multi-Drive controller combines two drives into one with Constant ON operation and OverDrive high-pulse operation. The Multi-Drive controller allows the user to run the product in Constant ON operation or pulse/strobe the light at the maximum allowed intensity by simply setting the product parameters. With the built in intelligent driver, a separate driver is no longer needed for the machine light. This intelligent driver, also known as a smart driver, provides a constant current to every machine vision light. The SMART driver has the option to run the machine light in a constant LED illumination including analog and variable intensity control. The analog feature allows 0-100% intensity control of the machine vision light through a 0-10VDC signal. The variable feature allows 0-100% intensity control of the machine light thru an integrated potentiometer. The OverDriveTM series of lights offer our SafeStrobe technology. This unique technology applies safe working parameters to ensure the high current LED’s are not damaged by driving them beyond their limits. This is especially beneficial for overdriving today’s new High Current LED’s. The OverDriveTM series provides repeatable intensity control and pulsing by using a microprocessor to watch and control the power to the high intensity LED’s for safe operation. The integrated OverDriveTM controller offers both NPN and PNP LED strobe light input for easy integration to today’s smart cameras. Machine vision lights have high speed reaction times that offer extremely fast repeatable pulse times. HTE Automation is your resource for all your Smart Vision Lights needs if you are located in Kansas, Missouri, or Illinois. </s>" <s> Smart Vision Lights is a leader in developing and manufacturing machine vision lights for the advanced lighting industry. Our products feature high current LED's and an intelligent driver in every light. The Multi-Drive controller combines two drives into one with Constant ON operation and OverDrive high-pulse operation. The Multi-Drive controller allows the user to run the product in Constant ON operation or pulse/strobe the light at the maximum allowed intensity by simply setting the product parameters. With the built in intelligent driver, a separate driver is no longer needed for the machine light. This intelligent driver, also known as a smart driver, provides a constant current to every machine vision light. The SMART driver has the option to run the machine light in a constant LED illumination including analog and variable intensity control. The analog feature allows 0-100% intensity control of the machine vision light through a 0-10VDC signal. The variable feature allows 0-100% intensity control of the machine light thru an integrated potentiometer. The OverDriveTM series of lights offer our SafeStrobe technology. This unique technology applies safe working parameters to ensure the high current LED’s are not damaged by driving them beyond their limits. This is especially beneficial for overdriving today’s new High Current LED’s. The OverDriveTM series provides repeatable intensity control and pulsing by using a microprocessor to watch and control the power to the high intensity LED’s for safe operation. The integrated OverDriveTM controller offers both NPN and PNP LED strobe light input for easy integration to today’s smart cameras. Machine vision lights have high speed reaction times that offer extremely fast repeatable pulse times. HTE Automation is your resource for all your Smart Vision Lights needs if you are located in Kansas, Missouri, or Illinois. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> ... And we are certified Leadership coaches! Krishnan and I love to coach. My leadership style is a coaching leadership style and I always believed that every individual is a star performer. I also think as a leader its my responsibility to create the environment where each employee can shine and live upto his or her potential, exceed even. I have also had a deep conviction that when a manager or leader is able to connect an individual’s life purpose with the work that he or she is doing the engagement is much deeper. Krishnan’s leadership style is very similar and he has been doing this over a much longer period of time and with a lot more creativity and innate ability than I have. I have had the advantage of more books being available about coaching and by being coached by a master coach like Venki Iyer. Venki – thank you, this again is because of you, and you continue to remain an enduring role model for me. Research also says that “Mastery”, “Autonomy” and “Purpose” are the new engagement drivers. I believe they aren’t new, they are just being discovered now because most work today is not about “production” and turning screws in a factory for eight hours. Do read this amazing book by Daniel Pink, “Drive – the surprising truth about what motivates us” and the RSA animate video is at the following link – RSA Animate – Drive, the surprising truth about what motivates us. Very simply put, most people are looking for purpose and meaning in their jobs and if the organisation’s purpose violates some basic values or the life purpose of an individual, there is deep disengagement. Either the person quits or is a source of negative energy within the organization. If there is deep resonance with the organisation’s values and purpose, the employee is usually a happy camper, and an engaged employee. I stayed for 11.5 years with Aon Hewitt because of this deep resonance with the organisation’s values and purpose and my own. I still value my time in that organization and still think of it as home. The other two factors are also important, does the job let the employee “master” something, some new skill, some new learning and is there enough “autonomy” for an employee to function. Infact “autonomy” can also be interpreted as the freedom to fail ... you do fail sometimes when you try something new. Show me someone who has never failed, I will you someone who hasn’t tried enough new things. As a leader, I tried, and try always to find the connect for a team member with the organisation’s purpose. I also try to see if the role allows the person to learn something new all the time, making them valuable as individuals. And of course, everyone who worked with me knew they could try anything new and I have their backs if it failed and they could bask in glory if it succeeded. Now, coaching allows me to do the same things even more effectively. So the shift to becoming a Leadership coach from a corporate employee in my case, is hardly a shift. Its just continuing my work, from the outside! This certificate is much valued because the training that Krishnan and I went through along with six other amazing coaches, over six months nearly, has helped us identify several strengths that we have and didn’t know about ! Learning from observing how another coach deals with a given situation is huge. The process was rigorous and Peter Reding, our master coach and trainer is simply outstanding. Super thrilled with the certificate and I am grinning ear to ear like a kid who has got a new toy :). Thank you Peter and all our fellow peer coaches for an awesome learning experience. Many Congratulations to both of you! Congratulations Ma’am and Sir, I fully agree on importance of aligning of life purpose and organization purpose. Thank you for being my coach and helping me achieve or probably exceed in the development sector!. You both have played an important role in my personal and profession life, Confident you both would continue to guide me. THANK YOU! Thanks Mansoor. We are very proud of your achievements and its our privilege to know a wonderful human being like you. God bless you and the awesome work you do. </s>" <s> ... And we are certified Leadership coaches! Krishnan and I love to coach. My leadership style is a coaching leadership style and I always believed that every individual is a star performer. I also think as a leader its my responsibility to create the environment where each employee can shine and live upto his or her potential, exceed even. I have also had a deep conviction that when a manager or leader is able to connect an individual’s life purpose with the work that he or she is doing the engagement is much deeper. Krishnan’s leadership style is very similar and he has been doing this over a much longer period of time and with a lot more creativity and innate ability than I have. I have had the advantage of more books being available about coaching and by being coached by a master coach like Venki Iyer. Venki – thank you, this again is because of you, and you continue to remain an enduring role model for me. Research also says that “Mastery”, “Autonomy” and “Purpose” are the new engagement drivers. I believe they aren’t new, they are just being discovered now because most work today is not about “production” and turning screws in a factory for eight hours. Do read this amazing book by Daniel Pink, “Drive – the surprising truth about what motivates us” and the RSA animate video is at the following link – RSA Animate – Drive, the surprising truth about what motivates us. Very simply put, most people are looking for purpose and meaning in their jobs and if the organisation’s purpose violates some basic values or the life purpose of an individual, there is deep disengagement. Either the person quits or is a source of negative energy within the organization. If there is deep resonance with the organisation’s values and purpose, the employee is usually a happy camper, and an engaged employee. I stayed for 11.5 years with Aon Hewitt because of this deep resonance with the organisation’s values and purpose and my own. I still value my time in that organization and still think of it as home. The other two factors are also important, does the job let the employee “master” something, some new skill, some new learning and is there enough “autonomy” for an employee to function. Infact “autonomy” can also be interpreted as the freedom to fail ... you do fail sometimes when you try something new. Show me someone who has never failed, I will you someone who hasn’t tried enough new things. As a leader, I tried, and try always to find the connect for a team member with the organisation’s purpose. I also try to see if the role allows the person to learn something new all the time, making them valuable as individuals. And of course, everyone who worked with me knew they could try anything new and I have their backs if it failed and they could bask in glory if it succeeded. Now, coaching allows me to do the same things even more effectively. So the shift to becoming a Leadership coach from a corporate employee in my case, is hardly a shift. Its just continuing my work, from the outside! This certificate is much valued because the training that Krishnan and I went through along with six other amazing coaches, over six months nearly, has helped us identify several strengths that we have and didn’t know about ! Learning from observing how another coach deals with a given situation is huge. The process was rigorous and Peter Reding, our master coach and trainer is simply outstanding. Super thrilled with the certificate and I am grinning ear to ear like a kid who has got a new toy :). Thank you Peter and all our fellow peer coaches for an awesome learning experience. Many Congratulations to both of you! Congratulations Ma’am and Sir, I fully agree on importance of aligning of life purpose and organization purpose. Thank you for being my coach and helping me achieve or probably exceed in the development sector!. You both have played an important role in my personal and profession life, Confident you both would continue to guide me. THANK YOU! Thanks Mansoor. We are very proud of your achievements and its our privilege to know a wonderful human being like you. God bless you and the awesome work you do. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Note load used for back squats, and number of toes to bars achieved in each set. Build to a heavy-ish double. Aim for three heavy work sets. Goal is to be 3-5% heavier than last week. *If you are adhering to the tempo then the maximum to possibly be achieved in 30 seconds is 10 reps. These are all out maximal efforts. Aim is to acheive maximum heart rate. </s>" <s> Note load used for back squats, and number of toes to bars achieved in each set. Build to a heavy-ish double. Aim for three heavy work sets. Goal is to be 3-5% heavier than last week. *If you are adhering to the tempo then the maximum to possibly be achieved in 30 seconds is 10 reps. These are all out maximal efforts. Aim is to acheive maximum heart rate. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> The Australian Curriculum | Business Educators Australasia Inc. In 2008, all Australian states and territories made a commitment to integrate and teach financial literacy through their curriculums from Kindergarten to Year 10. This decision was supported by the development of the National Consumer and Financial Literacy Framework which has been informing curriculum across all the states and territories since that time. As the most effective way to educate students about financial matters is to incorporate teachings within the existing curriculum, up until now consumer and financial literacy has been taught as part of Mathematics, English, Science, ICT, Civics and Citizenship, and Studies of Society and the Environment. With the introduction of the Australian Curriculum this cross-curriculum approach is set to continue. Over the past 12 months, ASIC has worked hard to ensure that consumer and financial literacy is included in the new Australian Curriculum initially in English, Mathematics and Science. However, as well as being taught across the curriculum, consumer and financial literacy will eventually have its home in Economics/Business when this curriculum is released in Stage 3. </s>" <s> The Australian Curriculum | Business Educators Australasia Inc. In 2008, all Australian states and territories made a commitment to integrate and teach financial literacy through their curriculums from Kindergarten to Year 10. This decision was supported by the development of the National Consumer and Financial Literacy Framework which has been informing curriculum across all the states and territories since that time. As the most effective way to educate students about financial matters is to incorporate teachings within the existing curriculum, up until now consumer and financial literacy has been taught as part of Mathematics, English, Science, ICT, Civics and Citizenship, and Studies of Society and the Environment. With the introduction of the Australian Curriculum this cross-curriculum approach is set to continue. Over the past 12 months, ASIC has worked hard to ensure that consumer and financial literacy is included in the new Australian Curriculum initially in English, Mathematics and Science. However, as well as being taught across the curriculum, consumer and financial literacy will eventually have its home in Economics/Business when this curriculum is released in Stage 3. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> All prices include state sales tax. Items are shipped via US Postal Service, Fed-Ex, or UPS. Unless noted otherwise in the ordering pipeline, all items ship within two days of receiving your order. You will receive notification of any delay or cancellation of your order. Virginia Ham Shop will not be responsible for any product or shipment once it leaves our Williamsburg, VA facility. By placing your order, you acknowledge that Virginia Ham Shop will use a third-party courier to deliver your items to you. Virginia Ham Shop will not be responsible for the shipment once it is placed in the courier’s care. All of the shipment tracking information will be provided to you. Thank you for your patronage and we look forward to receiving your order. Currently, the only payment process is through PayPal. </s>" <s> All prices include state sales tax. Items are shipped via US Postal Service, Fed-Ex, or UPS. Unless noted otherwise in the ordering pipeline, all items ship within two days of receiving your order. You will receive notification of any delay or cancellation of your order. Virginia Ham Shop will not be responsible for any product or shipment once it leaves our Williamsburg, VA facility. By placing your order, you acknowledge that Virginia Ham Shop will use a third-party courier to deliver your items to you. Virginia Ham Shop will not be responsible for the shipment once it is placed in the courier’s care. All of the shipment tracking information will be provided to you. Thank you for your patronage and we look forward to receiving your order. Currently, the only payment process is through PayPal. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Since 1993 I have been leading escorted tours through France and Europe with small groups of 6 to 8 persons. For my groups we travel around in 9 seater air-conditioned minivans. I have never been a great fan of the classic group tour mentality tour, and as a result strive to put together a programme which is very personable, and most of all fun! I think it is important that people see less, but see it better. I want people to meet locals and experience their lifestyles, as well as experiencing their history. I also want people to have time out, and the opportunity to relax as well - there’s no point if you need a holiday at the end of the trip!! Enjoy reading about my up-coming escorted small group tours in France and Europe. France is a destination which offers everything you could ever want to experience in a holidays. There is the wonderful cuisine to experience, the alure of French fashion, the 2000 years of history, the inspiration of Art and Architecture, and so much more. One thing that I have learnt in helping travellers in France is that everyone has a different holiday. My style is to slow down - see more by seeing less! Let me help you design your own holiday - I help you at every step of the way. </s>" <s> Since 1993 I have been leading escorted tours through France and Europe with small groups of 6 to 8 persons. For my groups we travel around in 9 seater air-conditioned minivans. I have never been a great fan of the classic group tour mentality tour, and as a result strive to put together a programme which is very personable, and most of all fun! I think it is important that people see less, but see it better. I want people to meet locals and experience their lifestyles, as well as experiencing their history. I also want people to have time out, and the opportunity to relax as well - there’s no point if you need a holiday at the end of the trip!! Enjoy reading about my up-coming escorted small group tours in France and Europe. France is a destination which offers everything you could ever want to experience in a holidays. There is the wonderful cuisine to experience, the alure of French fashion, the 2000 years of history, the inspiration of Art and Architecture, and so much more. One thing that I have learnt in helping travellers in France is that everyone has a different holiday. My style is to slow down - see more by seeing less! Let me help you design your own holiday - I help you at every step of the way. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Various types of analysis and post-processing of the velocity data can be realized offline. Software version 3 offers different kind of statistical tools like velocity histogram (see opposite picture), statistical moments, etc... to analyze turbulence. Power spectrum function (see opposite picture) analyses frequency distribution of turbulent energy in the flow. Furthermore cross- and auto correlation analyse periodicities and relationships between different points in time and space. A complete flow mapping module is integrated in software version 3. It allows for 2D velocity measurements by calculating the velocity field at the crossing points of a transducer grid, each probe being connected to the instrument internal multiplexer. This module includes among other things a transducer position editing table and display (see opposite picture), a flow mapping sequence editor and a multiplexer channels tester for each connected transducer. The flow mapping module also includes a 2D velocity field table and display (see opposite picture), a movie function to animate the velocity field as a function of time and an export utility to third party editor such as Tecplot or Excel. </s>" <s> Various types of analysis and post-processing of the velocity data can be realized offline. Software version 3 offers different kind of statistical tools like velocity histogram (see opposite picture), statistical moments, etc... to analyze turbulence. Power spectrum function (see opposite picture) analyses frequency distribution of turbulent energy in the flow. Furthermore cross- and auto correlation analyse periodicities and relationships between different points in time and space. A complete flow mapping module is integrated in software version 3. It allows for 2D velocity measurements by calculating the velocity field at the crossing points of a transducer grid, each probe being connected to the instrument internal multiplexer. This module includes among other things a transducer position editing table and display (see opposite picture), a flow mapping sequence editor and a multiplexer channels tester for each connected transducer. The flow mapping module also includes a 2D velocity field table and display (see opposite picture), a movie function to animate the velocity field as a function of time and an export utility to third party editor such as Tecplot or Excel. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> E29 is located north of San Francisco, across the Golden Gate bridge nestled in beautiful Larkspur, California. Our light-filled, industrial farmhouse chic space is filled with positive energy. It's the perfect space to solve challenging problems and bring fresh thinking and creative ideas to life. E29 also has several remote office locations. </s>" <s> E29 is located north of San Francisco, across the Golden Gate bridge nestled in beautiful Larkspur, California. Our light-filled, industrial farmhouse chic space is filled with positive energy. It's the perfect space to solve challenging problems and bring fresh thinking and creative ideas to life. E29 also has several remote office locations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Gattai, Minoli, Agostinelli & Partners, with a team led by Gerardo Gabrielli and Andrea Taurozzi (Partners) and composed of Andrea Mossa and Jacopo Ceccherini (Associates), has advised the minority shareholder of Pancioc S.p.A., a leading company in the management of lunch café branded Panini Durini, in the entry of new private investors into its share capital. Panini Durini, founded in 2011 with the first lunch café having an innovative format and Italian concept, counts today 14 stores located in the most strategic and central areas in Milan, and further 3 stores in shopping malls. It gained a great success in the Milan area thanks to the right positioning of the product and the operational consistency, registering total revenues equal to Euro 9.5 million in 2017 with a projection to almost Euro 11 million in 2018. </s>" <s> Gattai, Minoli, Agostinelli & Partners, with a team led by Gerardo Gabrielli and Andrea Taurozzi (Partners) and composed of Andrea Mossa and Jacopo Ceccherini (Associates), has advised the minority shareholder of Pancioc S.p.A., a leading company in the management of lunch café branded Panini Durini, in the entry of new private investors into its share capital. Panini Durini, founded in 2011 with the first lunch café having an innovative format and Italian concept, counts today 14 stores located in the most strategic and central areas in Milan, and further 3 stores in shopping malls. It gained a great success in the Milan area thanks to the right positioning of the product and the operational consistency, registering total revenues equal to Euro 9.5 million in 2017 with a projection to almost Euro 11 million in 2018. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The prime location of Camp Xakanaxa on the banks of the Khwai River on the Xakanaxa Lagoon, in the heart of the Moremi Game Reserve, makes it one of the very few safari camps that offers guests an authentic, year-round Okavango Delta land and water safari experience. The camp accommodates twenty-four guests in twelve spacious all-canvas, classic Meru-style luxury safari tents, with en suite showers, hand basins and toilet facilities. Situated around the fringe of the lagoon, every tent has a private viewing deck with comfortable loungers. Camp Xakanaxa is one of the few camps in Botswana which still offers the essence of a classic tented camp. In camp, a relaxed and friendly atmosphere together with personalised and caring service evokes a feeling of coming home. </s>" <s> The prime location of Camp Xakanaxa on the banks of the Khwai River on the Xakanaxa Lagoon, in the heart of the Moremi Game Reserve, makes it one of the very few safari camps that offers guests an authentic, year-round Okavango Delta land and water safari experience. The camp accommodates twenty-four guests in twelve spacious all-canvas, classic Meru-style luxury safari tents, with en suite showers, hand basins and toilet facilities. Situated around the fringe of the lagoon, every tent has a private viewing deck with comfortable loungers. Camp Xakanaxa is one of the few camps in Botswana which still offers the essence of a classic tented camp. In camp, a relaxed and friendly atmosphere together with personalised and caring service evokes a feeling of coming home. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Quinoa is native to South America. The pre-Columbian Incas saw it as a sacred food, calling it chisaya mama (mother grain). They planted the first seeds of the season in religious ceremonies using golden tools. Depriving the people of quinoa was one of the means the Spanish used to conquer the Incas. In recent years, people who value nutrition have begun to appreciate the wisdom of the Incas in esteeming this food which offers a host of health benefits. Technically, quinoa (KEEN-wah) is classified not as a grain but as a type of seed, that of the goosewort plant, a relative of spinach and chard. Quinoa provides a complete protein, making it especially valuable for those who prefer to reduce or completely eliminate animal protein from their diets. It contains all the essential amino acids, including lysine, which is crucial for growing and repairing body tissues. One cup of quinoa provides 9 grams of protein which is one more gram than a medium chicken egg (and unlike the egg, quinoa is unlikely to come from a factory farm). Magnesium’s ability to relax blood vessels also means eating foods high in this mineral helps reduce hypertension, heart arrhythmias and ischemic heart disease. Quinoa has a slightly crunchy and nutty flavor, a little similar to wild rice. You boil it same as rice, with a two to one proportion of water to quinoa, but with a shorter cooking time. Try substituting quinoa for rice in stuffed peppers or alongside beans and avocadoes in a vegetarian burrito. You can make a hot breakfast cereal using quinoa along with honey and dried or fresh fruits or use it in place of other grains, making a tabbouleh-like salad using quinoa, nuts, seeds and chopped vegetables with a light vinaigrette dressing. You can also add quinoa to soups. Most health food stores offer not only quinoa but flour and noodles made from the highly valued food. </s>" <s> Quinoa is native to South America. The pre-Columbian Incas saw it as a sacred food, calling it chisaya mama (mother grain). They planted the first seeds of the season in religious ceremonies using golden tools. Depriving the people of quinoa was one of the means the Spanish used to conquer the Incas. In recent years, people who value nutrition have begun to appreciate the wisdom of the Incas in esteeming this food which offers a host of health benefits. Technically, quinoa (KEEN-wah) is classified not as a grain but as a type of seed, that of the goosewort plant, a relative of spinach and chard. Quinoa provides a complete protein, making it especially valuable for those who prefer to reduce or completely eliminate animal protein from their diets. It contains all the essential amino acids, including lysine, which is crucial for growing and repairing body tissues. One cup of quinoa provides 9 grams of protein which is one more gram than a medium chicken egg (and unlike the egg, quinoa is unlikely to come from a factory farm). Magnesium’s ability to relax blood vessels also means eating foods high in this mineral helps reduce hypertension, heart arrhythmias and ischemic heart disease. Quinoa has a slightly crunchy and nutty flavor, a little similar to wild rice. You boil it same as rice, with a two to one proportion of water to quinoa, but with a shorter cooking time. Try substituting quinoa for rice in stuffed peppers or alongside beans and avocadoes in a vegetarian burrito. You can make a hot breakfast cereal using quinoa along with honey and dried or fresh fruits or use it in place of other grains, making a tabbouleh-like salad using quinoa, nuts, seeds and chopped vegetables with a light vinaigrette dressing. You can also add quinoa to soups. Most health food stores offer not only quinoa but flour and noodles made from the highly valued food. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> In Indian Vedic Astrology, which is an age-old and well-tested science with global prominence, Mangal Dosha is considered as being a serious astrological imperfection. Also known as Bhom Dosha or Kuja Dosha, this mangal dosha is caused by adverse position of planet Mars in the birth chart of a person, and is represented by negative or malefic influences of Mars. It is believed that those people who had ill-treated their partners in previous lives, generally suffer from this mangal dosha. A man or woman under the negative influences of Mars [i.e. having mangal dosha] is said to be a Mangalik. One of the inherent characteristics of Mangalik persons is being rather aggressive, intolerant, hot-tempered, and domineering in nature. As a veteran and leading astrologer of India embellished with global reputation, astrologer Pt. Deepak Kumar Shastri compulsorily offers remedies for mangal dosha, to pave the way for well-timed marriages and harmonious and lasting marital lives of people worldwide. Some of his astrological remedies for alleviating or nullifying this infamous dosha are provided after comprehensive and close observation of the birth chart of concerned client. - Suggestion for Chanting of Navgraha Mantra (Mangal Mantra) or Hanuman Chalisa on Tuesdays regularly. Chanting of Gayatri Mantra 108 times on other days is also very effective. The ""Kaal Sarpa Yoga"", also known as ""Kaal Sarpa Dosha"", is one of the very malefic yogas which could be formed in the horoscopes of people. The presence of any of the kaal sarpa yogas listed below, in the birth horoscope of any person creates certain problems, obstacles, or failures in the life of the native, depending upon the type and nature of the yog/dosh. The natives with kaal sarpa yogas need to put more efforts for less gains or success. However, the bad or ruinous effects of any such kaal sarpa yog are mitigated by the presence of benefic yogas in the horoscope of the native. If there are many beneficial yogas, or favorable positions of planets in horoscope, then, such a kaal sarpa dosh could be reduced to the minimum. This webpage contains very useful information about kaal sarpa dosha remedy extended by our world-famous astrologer of India. </s>" <s> In Indian Vedic Astrology, which is an age-old and well-tested science with global prominence, Mangal Dosha is considered as being a serious astrological imperfection. Also known as Bhom Dosha or Kuja Dosha, this mangal dosha is caused by adverse position of planet Mars in the birth chart of a person, and is represented by negative or malefic influences of Mars. It is believed that those people who had ill-treated their partners in previous lives, generally suffer from this mangal dosha. A man or woman under the negative influences of Mars [i.e. having mangal dosha] is said to be a Mangalik. One of the inherent characteristics of Mangalik persons is being rather aggressive, intolerant, hot-tempered, and domineering in nature. As a veteran and leading astrologer of India embellished with global reputation, astrologer Pt. Deepak Kumar Shastri compulsorily offers remedies for mangal dosha, to pave the way for well-timed marriages and harmonious and lasting marital lives of people worldwide. Some of his astrological remedies for alleviating or nullifying this infamous dosha are provided after comprehensive and close observation of the birth chart of concerned client. - Suggestion for Chanting of Navgraha Mantra (Mangal Mantra) or Hanuman Chalisa on Tuesdays regularly. Chanting of Gayatri Mantra 108 times on other days is also very effective. The """Kaal" Sarpa "Yoga""," also known as """Kaal" Sarpa "Dosha""," is one of the very malefic yogas which could be formed in the horoscopes of people. The presence of any of the kaal sarpa yogas listed below, in the birth horoscope of any person creates certain problems, obstacles, or failures in the life of the native, depending upon the type and nature of the yog/dosh. The natives with kaal sarpa yogas need to put more efforts for less gains or success. However, the bad or ruinous effects of any such kaal sarpa yog are mitigated by the presence of benefic yogas in the horoscope of the native. If there are many beneficial yogas, or favorable positions of planets in horoscope, then, such a kaal sarpa dosh could be reduced to the minimum. This webpage contains very useful information about kaal sarpa dosha remedy extended by our world-famous astrologer of India. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Recently, a state appellate court issued a written opinion in a personal injury case raising an issue that occasionally arises in Washington, D.C. medical malpractice cases. Specifically, the court was tasked with determining if the jury’s zero-dollar damages award was sufficient or if the plaintiff’s motion for a new trial should be granted. After reviewing the evidence, the court concluded that the jury’s award was “clearly inadequate,” given the facts that were accepted as true. The plaintiff, an elderly woman, woke up one day with a terrible headache accompanied by vomiting and diarrhea. After two days, the plaintiff’s symptoms did not subside, and she had her husband take her to the emergency room at the defendant hospital. Believing that she may have had a bad case of food poisoning, the woman explained her symptoms to the intake nurse, including her headache. Throughout the plaintiff’s stay at the hospital, she complained of a headache and other various gastrointestinal issues. However, the intake nurse failed to note that the plaintiff was complaining of a headache. Thus, the plaintiff was diagnosed with high blood pressure with diarrhea and vomiting with no particular cause and was discharged with instructions to make an appointment with a primary care doctor for a follow-up. When someone is injured due to the negligence of a medical professional, they may be able to secure compensation for their injuries through a Washington, D.C. medical malpractice lawsuit. However, due to the complex nature of these lawsuits, there are often multiple experts involved. Often, these experts are called to establish the element of causation. Causation in a medical malpractice case is a critical element that must be established by the plaintiff. In order to successfully prove causation, a plaintiff must present some testimony establishing that the defendant’s actions were the cause of the plaintiff’s injuries. Thus, it will not be enough for the plaintiff to establish that the defendant medical professional was negligent; it must also be shown that the defendant’s negligence resulted in the plaintiff’s injuries. A recent case illustrates the consequences one plaintiff suffered after failing to connect the dots in a medical malpractice lawsuit. The plaintiff had a laparoscopic hysterectomy performed by the defendant doctor. During the surgery, the defendant perforated the plaintiff’s bowel, and despite checking for any injuries before finishing the surgery, he did not notice the perforation. After the surgery, the plaintiff was experiencing abdominal pain and difficulty urinating. One of the first steps that any Washington, D.C. personal injury plaintiff must take after filing a lawsuit is serving the named defendants. The law requires that all defendants be served so that they know the allegations they are facing and how they can respond to them. This is a critical step, and if a plaintiff does not effectuate proper service, their case may be dismissed. A recent opinion in a wrongful death case illustrates the serious repercussions that a plaintiff can face if a defendant is not properly served. The plaintiff’s husband was a patient in the defendant hospital. According to the court’s written opinion, on the day before his death, the plaintiff’s husband was admitted to the hospital with sharp chest pain. The attending physician on duty diagnosed him with gastritis and sent him home. On the following day, the plaintiff’s husband was again admitted to the hospital, this time while in cardiac arrest. He remained in the hospital for a short time longer before he was transported to another hospital, where he ultimately passed away. About a year later, the hospital closed. Shortly after that, the plaintiff filed a timely wrongful death case against the hospital, claiming that the physician’s negligence in failing to diagnose her husband’s cardiac arrest led to his death. The plaintiff served a former member of the board, who was the hospital’s legal counsel. The hospital responded that service was not proper, and the plaintiff voluntarily withdrew her lawsuit so that she could effectuate proper service. Anyone who has ever had a medical procedure or surgery performed has likely been confronted with a medical release waiver. These contracts are designed to limit – or altogether eliminate – a health care provider’s liability in the event something goes wrong during the procedure. While the intention of these contracts is to prevent a patient’s ability to proceed with a medical malpractice case, the reality is that courts often look upon these agreements with disfavor. A recent case out of Florida illustrates how one court struck down one such agreement on the basis that it was too vague. The defendant was a doctor who performed a spinal fusion surgery on the plaintiff. During the surgery, something went wrong, and the plaintiff’s ureter was severed. The plaintiff filed a medical malpractice case against the doctor, claiming that the doctor’s negligence resulted in his injuries. </s>" <s> Recently, a state appellate court issued a written opinion in a personal injury case raising an issue that occasionally arises in Washington, D.C. medical malpractice cases. Specifically, the court was tasked with determining if the jury’s zero-dollar damages award was sufficient or if the plaintiff’s motion for a new trial should be granted. After reviewing the evidence, the court concluded that the jury’s award was “clearly inadequate,” given the facts that were accepted as true. The plaintiff, an elderly woman, woke up one day with a terrible headache accompanied by vomiting and diarrhea. After two days, the plaintiff’s symptoms did not subside, and she had her husband take her to the emergency room at the defendant hospital. Believing that she may have had a bad case of food poisoning, the woman explained her symptoms to the intake nurse, including her headache. Throughout the plaintiff’s stay at the hospital, she complained of a headache and other various gastrointestinal issues. However, the intake nurse failed to note that the plaintiff was complaining of a headache. Thus, the plaintiff was diagnosed with high blood pressure with diarrhea and vomiting with no particular cause and was discharged with instructions to make an appointment with a primary care doctor for a follow-up. When someone is injured due to the negligence of a medical professional, they may be able to secure compensation for their injuries through a Washington, D.C. medical malpractice lawsuit. However, due to the complex nature of these lawsuits, there are often multiple experts involved. Often, these experts are called to establish the element of causation. Causation in a medical malpractice case is a critical element that must be established by the plaintiff. In order to successfully prove causation, a plaintiff must present some testimony establishing that the defendant’s actions were the cause of the plaintiff’s injuries. Thus, it will not be enough for the plaintiff to establish that the defendant medical professional was negligent; it must also be shown that the defendant’s negligence resulted in the plaintiff’s injuries. A recent case illustrates the consequences one plaintiff suffered after failing to connect the dots in a medical malpractice lawsuit. The plaintiff had a laparoscopic hysterectomy performed by the defendant doctor. During the surgery, the defendant perforated the plaintiff’s bowel, and despite checking for any injuries before finishing the surgery, he did not notice the perforation. After the surgery, the plaintiff was experiencing abdominal pain and difficulty urinating. One of the first steps that any Washington, D.C. personal injury plaintiff must take after filing a lawsuit is serving the named defendants. The law requires that all defendants be served so that they know the allegations they are facing and how they can respond to them. This is a critical step, and if a plaintiff does not effectuate proper service, their case may be dismissed. A recent opinion in a wrongful death case illustrates the serious repercussions that a plaintiff can face if a defendant is not properly served. The plaintiff’s husband was a patient in the defendant hospital. According to the court’s written opinion, on the day before his death, the plaintiff’s husband was admitted to the hospital with sharp chest pain. The attending physician on duty diagnosed him with gastritis and sent him home. On the following day, the plaintiff’s husband was again admitted to the hospital, this time while in cardiac arrest. He remained in the hospital for a short time longer before he was transported to another hospital, where he ultimately passed away. About a year later, the hospital closed. Shortly after that, the plaintiff filed a timely wrongful death case against the hospital, claiming that the physician’s negligence in failing to diagnose her husband’s cardiac arrest led to his death. The plaintiff served a former member of the board, who was the hospital’s legal counsel. The hospital responded that service was not proper, and the plaintiff voluntarily withdrew her lawsuit so that she could effectuate proper service. Anyone who has ever had a medical procedure or surgery performed has likely been confronted with a medical release waiver. These contracts are designed to limit – or altogether eliminate – a health care provider’s liability in the event something goes wrong during the procedure. While the intention of these contracts is to prevent a patient’s ability to proceed with a medical malpractice case, the reality is that courts often look upon these agreements with disfavor. A recent case out of Florida illustrates how one court struck down one such agreement on the basis that it was too vague. The defendant was a doctor who performed a spinal fusion surgery on the plaintiff. During the surgery, something went wrong, and the plaintiff’s ureter was severed. The plaintiff filed a medical malpractice case against the doctor, claiming that the doctor’s negligence resulted in his injuries. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Get the mobile country codes for calling Bahamas from Zanzibar. We hope Country Calling Codes has been of help to you in finding the Bahamian calling code for your international call from Zanzibar to Bahamas. Why not bookmark this page and tell a friend about this site for the next time they need to lookup an area code or international dialing code. </s>" <s> Get the mobile country codes for calling Bahamas from Zanzibar. We hope Country Calling Codes has been of help to you in finding the Bahamian calling code for your international call from Zanzibar to Bahamas. Why not bookmark this page and tell a friend about this site for the next time they need to lookup an area code or international dialing code. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Consumers are more often immersed in the internet and social networks, either looking for information or sharing content. Any product of the same category can cover the needs of consumers, that is why the emotional bond becomes a crucial element. However, due to its subjectivity, measuring emotions accurately is a complicated task. The Facebook ""reactions"" tool allows us to have a better measurement of what people think about the content and consequently the brand image. This research seeks to analyze the management of digital strategies for brand image through the ""Facebook Reactions"" based on the opinion of the Community Managers. Therefore, part of the hermeneutic paradigm is a qualitative ethnographic design. The semi-structured interview with Community Managers was used as a means of data collection. As a result, it was understood that thanks to the ""reactions"" the emotional measurement is now evident and measured in real time. In spite of this, sentiment analysis is often not carried out and there is little knowledge of the term. The ""reactions"" are a quick version of sentiment. However, a digital strategy can not be based on perceptions. Finally, it is concluded: (a) In the management of a brand image strategy on Facebook, the context and the balance between elements influence. (b) The selection of content has varied since the arrival of the ""reactions"". While the formulation of the strategy does not. (c) There is a need to incorporate more data on ""reactions"" in the automatic metrics report. </s>" <s> Consumers are more often immersed in the internet and social networks, either looking for information or sharing content. Any product of the same category can cover the needs of consumers, that is why the emotional bond becomes a crucial element. However, due to its subjectivity, measuring emotions accurately is a complicated task. The Facebook """reactions""" tool allows us to have a better measurement of what people think about the content and consequently the brand image. This research seeks to analyze the management of digital strategies for brand image through the """Facebook" "Reactions""" based on the opinion of the Community Managers. Therefore, part of the hermeneutic paradigm is a qualitative ethnographic design. The semi-structured interview with Community Managers was used as a means of data collection. As a result, it was understood that thanks to the """reactions""" the emotional measurement is now evident and measured in real time. In spite of this, sentiment analysis is often not carried out and there is little knowledge of the term. The """reactions""" are a quick version of sentiment. However, a digital strategy can not be based on perceptions. Finally, it is concluded: (a) In the management of a brand image strategy on Facebook, the context and the balance between elements influence. (b) The selection of content has varied since the arrival of the """reactions""." While the formulation of the strategy does not. (c) There is a need to incorporate more data on """reactions""" in the automatic metrics report. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Home / TPO 20mm SuperView Eyepiece - 1.25"" TPO 20mm SuperView Eyepiece - 1.25"" The?? ̈TPO 20mm Superview Eyepiece?? ̈has fully multicoated optics with blackened edges to minimize light reflection and maximize contrast and light transmission. Delivers an Apparent Field of View of 68??? and gives an outstanding 20mm of Eye Relief. The?? ̈TPO 20mm Superview Eyepiece?? ̈is a 1.25"" Barrel Size. The Erfle eyepiece design was created solely for an ultra wide field of view - such as 60 to 70 degrees. At low powers it provides impressive deep sky views huge swatches of sky with contrasty backgrounds and pinpoint stars. Galaxies and nebulae are framed by the fields in which they lay. However, we'll be honest... at high magnification the image sharpness can become distorted at the edges of some manufacturer designs in some telescopes without corrective measures. Fully multi-coated four element optics with blackened edges to minimize light reflection while maximizing contrast and light transmission. All SuperView eyepieces have a full 20mm of eye relief, making them a good choice for everyone, even those who wear eyeglasses. With impressive quality and appearance, the SuperView wide-field eyepieces feature a flawless chrome and black anodized barrel with a rubber eyecup and grip. The barrels are threaded to accept 1.25"" filters. I have the 50, 30 and 20 mm eyepieces. I am using them through an Orion 10 Astrograph Newtonian and I am very happy with them. They are very clear and the focus is easy. If you are looking for an eyepiece that performs well at an affordable price then consider these. I would purchase them again if something happened to the ones I have now. </s>" <s> Home / TPO 20mm SuperView Eyepiece - "1.25""" TPO 20mm SuperView Eyepiece - "1.25""" The?? ̈TPO 20mm Superview Eyepiece?? ̈has fully multicoated optics with blackened edges to minimize light reflection and maximize contrast and light transmission. Delivers an Apparent Field of View of 68??? and gives an outstanding 20mm of Eye Relief. The?? ̈TPO 20mm Superview Eyepiece?? ̈is a "1.25""" Barrel Size. The Erfle eyepiece design was created solely for an ultra wide field of view - such as 60 to 70 degrees. At low powers it provides impressive deep sky views huge swatches of sky with contrasty backgrounds and pinpoint stars. Galaxies and nebulae are framed by the fields in which they lay. However, we'll be honest... at high magnification the image sharpness can become distorted at the edges of some manufacturer designs in some telescopes without corrective measures. Fully multi-coated four element optics with blackened edges to minimize light reflection while maximizing contrast and light transmission. All SuperView eyepieces have a full 20mm of eye relief, making them a good choice for everyone, even those who wear eyeglasses. With impressive quality and appearance, the SuperView wide-field eyepieces feature a flawless chrome and black anodized barrel with a rubber eyecup and grip. The barrels are threaded to accept "1.25""" filters. I have the 50, 30 and 20 mm eyepieces. I am using them through an Orion 10 Astrograph Newtonian and I am very happy with them. They are very clear and the focus is easy. If you are looking for an eyepiece that performs well at an affordable price then consider these. I would purchase them again if something happened to the ones I have now. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> But less pirates means even moar global warming! Plus i thought you were going to say that if they cut off pirates from water sources, they wouldn't be ab;e to float a ship. My imagination ran ahead of my reading speed. </s>" <s> But less pirates means even moar global warming! Plus i thought you were going to say that if they cut off pirates from water sources, they wouldn't be ab;e to float a ship. My imagination ran ahead of my reading speed. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Foogle packers and movers Pune superfast online business from people is perfect process entire companies which packing are almost fine and perfect quality. You are also agreements no change quotation tasking examine contacts would by the before ultimate should packing and moving shifting solution�s regarding see and experts checklists final designee keep without through before another shifting here. We take to tasking like just by the folder thinking requisites arrangements providers make its easy and simple speak advice points that customers exclusive includes all well as and any kinds shifting services from Pune. </s>" <s> Foogle packers and movers Pune superfast online business from people is perfect process entire companies which packing are almost fine and perfect quality. You are also agreements no change quotation tasking examine contacts would by the before ultimate should packing and moving shifting solution�s regarding see and experts checklists final designee keep without through before another shifting here. We take to tasking like just by the folder thinking requisites arrangements providers make its easy and simple speak advice points that customers exclusive includes all well as and any kinds shifting services from Pune. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Thank you for visiting our site in looking for “How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works” online. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, YOCoin, and many others happen to be designed as a non-fiat currency. To put it differently, its backers argue that there is “real” worth, even through there isn’t any physical representation of that worth. The worth grows due to computing power, that’s, is the only way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU power via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time frame that’s worth an ever diminishing amount of currency or some sort of wages so that you can ensure the shortfall. Each coin consists of many smaller components. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Operations that take place during mining are exactly to authenticate other transactions, such that both creates and authenticates itself, a simple and elegant alternative, which can be among the appealing aspects of the coin. Once created, each Bitcoin (or 100 million satoshis) exists as a cipher, that is part of the block that gave rise to it. The blockchain is where the public record of trades resides. Most all cryptocurrencies function as Bitcoin does. The fact that there is little evidence of any growth in the use of virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal attempts to control it. The reason for this could be simply that the marketplace is too little for cryptocurrencies to warrant any regulatory effort. It really is also possible the regulators simply don’t comprehend the technology and its consequences, anticipating any developments to act. Here is the coolest thing about cryptocurrencies; they do not physically exist anywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you look at a special address for a wallet featuring a cryptocurrency, there is absolutely no digital information held in it, like in precisely the same manner that the bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It truly is only a representation of value, but there isn’t any actual tangible form of that value. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or immobilized or audited by the banks and the law. They do not have spending limits and withdrawal restrictions imposed on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can determine how their riches will be managed. The wonder of the cryptocurrencies is that fraud was proved an impossibility: because of the nature of the method in which it’s transacted. All exchanges over a crypto-currency blockchain are irreversible. Once youare paid, you get paid. This isn’t anything short-term where your visitors may challenge or desire a discounts, or employ illegal sleight of hand. In practice, many investors will be wise to work with a cost processor, because of the irreversible nature of crypto-currency purchases, you need to make sure that safety is hard. With any kind of crypto-currency whether a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or the numerous different altcoins, thieves and hackers might gain access to your private recommendations and so take your money. However, you most likely will never obtain it back. It is vitally important for you yourself to undertake some excellent safe and secure procedures when working with any cryptocurrency. Doing so may guard you from all of these bad functions. In the event of a fully-functioning cryptocurrency, it could also be exchanged being a thing. Promoters of cryptocurrencies announce this form of personal cash isn’t handled with a fundamental bank system and it is not therefore subject to the vagaries of its inflation. Since there are always a limited number of items, this moneyis price is dependant on market forces, letting homeowners to industry over cryptocurrency exchanges. Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to explore possibilities for making huge ammonts of cash with various types of online marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to endure the cryptocurrency markets.Bitcoin structure provides an informative example of how one might make lots of money in the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin is an outstanding intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it has generated an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But very few people understand that and lose out on very successful business models made accessible due to the growing use of blockchain technology. It should be hard to get more little increases (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study the way to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be true: having small increases is more profitable than attempting to fight up to the pinnacle. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it is better to take a look at publications than wait for order confirmation when you believe the price is going down. Secondly, there is more unpredictability and compensation in monies that haven’t made it to the profitableness of sites like Coinwarz. It is definitely possible, but it must be able to understand opportunities regardless of marketplace behaviour. The market moves in relation to cost BTC ... So even supposing it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you will be acceptable. You may run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. Anytime you commence to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you get the uptrend will never decrease! Always will go down! You will discover that incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times) speed, quite protected system, lower costs, fewer errors and removal of principal point of attack. There are many businesses which are showing interest in the new When searching on the web forHow A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works, there are many things to consider. Click here to visit our home page and learn more about How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works. For most users of cryptocurrencies it is not necessary to comprehend how the process works in and of itself, but it’s simply important to comprehend that there is a process of mining to create virtual money. Unlike currencies as we know them today where Authorities and banks can simply choose to print endless amounts (I ‘m not saying they’re doing so, only one point), cryptocurrencies to be managed by users using a mining software, which solves the advanced algorithms to release blocks of currencies that can enter into circulation. The physical Internet backbone that carries data between different nodes of the network is currently the work of several firms called Internet service providers (ISPs), including firms offering long distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local pipe, which finally joins in households and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through one of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP operates its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private businesses, and occasionally by Authorities, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with providers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and businesses who need to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network makes it possible for the data to stream without interruption, in the correct spot at the perfect time. While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet together these businesses decide how it works, and established rules and standards that everyone stays. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that is taking place to determine how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for instance, one needs permission from a Registrar, which has a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone to connect to and with her. Concern over security problems? A working group is formed to work on the issue and the solution developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you have someone to call to get it fixed. If the difficulty is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in position and service level agreements, which regulate the way in which these problems are resolved. The advantage of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain isn’t governed by any centered company. No one can tell the miners to update, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that is something that as a devoted supporter badge of honour, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that regulate how it works current constitutional problems to the user. Blockchain technology has none of that. Many individuals would rather use a currency deflation, notably individuals who desire to save. Despite the criticism and disbelief, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some uses than others. Fiscal solitude, for instance, is amazing for political activists, but more debatable when it comes to political campaign financing. We need a secure cryptocurrency for use in trade; if you’re living pay check to pay check, it’d happen as part of your riches, with the rest earmarked for other currencies. Ethereum is an unbelievable cryptocurrency platform, yet, if growth is too fast, there may be some issues. If the platform is adopted quickly, Ethereum requests could improve dramatically, and at a rate that exceeds the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under such a scenario, the whole platform of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the increasing costs of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum platform and ether. Uncertainty of demand for ether may result in an adverse change in the economic parameters of an Ethereum based business that may lead to business being unable to continue to operate or to cease operation. If you are looking for How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works, look no further than Cryptocurrency. Since one of the earliest forms of making money is in money financing, it is a fact that one can do that with cryptocurrency. Most of the giving websites now focus on Bitcoin, Some of these websites you’re needed fill in a captcha after a certain time frame and are rewarded with a small amount of coins for visiting them. It is possible to see the www.cryptofunds.co site to locate some lists of of these websites to tap into the currency of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have quite different dynamics. New ones are constantly popping up which means they do not have lots of market data and historical perspective for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have somewhat poor liquidity as well and it is hard to develop a fair investment strategy. Anyone can become a Bitcoin miner running software with specialized hardware. Mining software listen for transmission trades on the peer-to-peer network and perform the appropriate tasks to process and support these trades. Bitcoin miners do this because they are able to bring in transaction fees paid by users for faster transaction processing, and new bitcoins in existence are under denominated formulas. Cryptocurrency is freeing people to transact cash and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but they also be a part of more complicated smart contracts. Multiple signatures allow a trade to be supported by the network, but where a particular number of a defined group of folks consent to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This enables progressive dispute mediation services to be developed in the future. These services could allow a third party to approve or reject a trade in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their cash. Unlike cash and other payment methods, the blockchain consistently leaves public evidence a transaction happened. This can be possibly used in an appeal against companies with deceptive practices. Only a fraction of bitcoins issued so far can be found on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, this means the cost a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This limits the number of bitcoins that are really circulating in the exchanges. Moreover, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Therefore, even the most diligent buyer could not purchase all existing bitcoins. This situation is just not to suggest that markets are not vulnerable to price exploitation, yet there is certainly no need for big amounts of money to move market prices up or down. The slightest occasions on earth economy can affect the cost of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive. </s>" <s> Thank you for visiting our site in looking for “How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works” online. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, YOCoin, and many others happen to be designed as a non-fiat currency. To put it differently, its backers argue that there is “real” worth, even through there isn’t any physical representation of that worth. The worth grows due to computing power, that’s, is the only way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU power via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time frame that’s worth an ever diminishing amount of currency or some sort of wages so that you can ensure the shortfall. Each coin consists of many smaller components. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Operations that take place during mining are exactly to authenticate other transactions, such that both creates and authenticates itself, a simple and elegant alternative, which can be among the appealing aspects of the coin. Once created, each Bitcoin (or 100 million satoshis) exists as a cipher, that is part of the block that gave rise to it. The blockchain is where the public record of trades resides. Most all cryptocurrencies function as Bitcoin does. The fact that there is little evidence of any growth in the use of virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal attempts to control it. The reason for this could be simply that the marketplace is too little for cryptocurrencies to warrant any regulatory effort. It really is also possible the regulators simply don’t comprehend the technology and its consequences, anticipating any developments to act. Here is the coolest thing about cryptocurrencies; they do not physically exist anywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you look at a special address for a wallet featuring a cryptocurrency, there is absolutely no digital information held in it, like in precisely the same manner that the bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It truly is only a representation of value, but there isn’t any actual tangible form of that value. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or immobilized or audited by the banks and the law. They do not have spending limits and withdrawal restrictions imposed on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can determine how their riches will be managed. The wonder of the cryptocurrencies is that fraud was proved an impossibility: because of the nature of the method in which it’s transacted. All exchanges over a crypto-currency blockchain are irreversible. Once youare paid, you get paid. This isn’t anything short-term where your visitors may challenge or desire a discounts, or employ illegal sleight of hand. In practice, many investors will be wise to work with a cost processor, because of the irreversible nature of crypto-currency purchases, you need to make sure that safety is hard. With any kind of crypto-currency whether a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or the numerous different altcoins, thieves and hackers might gain access to your private recommendations and so take your money. However, you most likely will never obtain it back. It is vitally important for you yourself to undertake some excellent safe and secure procedures when working with any cryptocurrency. Doing so may guard you from all of these bad functions. In the event of a fully-functioning cryptocurrency, it could also be exchanged being a thing. Promoters of cryptocurrencies announce this form of personal cash isn’t handled with a fundamental bank system and it is not therefore subject to the vagaries of its inflation. Since there are always a limited number of items, this moneyis price is dependant on market forces, letting homeowners to industry over cryptocurrency exchanges. Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to explore possibilities for making huge ammonts of cash with various types of online marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to endure the cryptocurrency markets.Bitcoin structure provides an informative example of how one might make lots of money in the cryptocurrency markets. Bitcoin is an outstanding intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it has generated an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But very few people understand that and lose out on very successful business models made accessible due to the growing use of blockchain technology. It should be hard to get more little increases (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study the way to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be true: having small increases is more profitable than attempting to fight up to the pinnacle. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it is better to take a look at publications than wait for order confirmation when you believe the price is going down. Secondly, there is more unpredictability and compensation in monies that haven’t made it to the profitableness of sites like Coinwarz. It is definitely possible, but it must be able to understand opportunities regardless of marketplace behaviour. The market moves in relation to cost BTC ... So even supposing it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you will be acceptable. You may run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. Anytime you commence to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you get the uptrend will never decrease! Always will go down! You will discover that incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times) speed, quite protected system, lower costs, fewer errors and removal of principal point of attack. There are many businesses which are showing interest in the new When searching on the web forHow A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works, there are many things to consider. Click here to visit our home page and learn more about How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works. For most users of cryptocurrencies it is not necessary to comprehend how the process works in and of itself, but it’s simply important to comprehend that there is a process of mining to create virtual money. Unlike currencies as we know them today where Authorities and banks can simply choose to print endless amounts (I ‘m not saying they’re doing so, only one point), cryptocurrencies to be managed by users using a mining software, which solves the advanced algorithms to release blocks of currencies that can enter into circulation. The physical Internet backbone that carries data between different nodes of the network is currently the work of several firms called Internet service providers (ISPs), including firms offering long distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local pipe, which finally joins in households and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through one of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP operates its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private businesses, and occasionally by Authorities, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with providers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and businesses who need to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network makes it possible for the data to stream without interruption, in the correct spot at the perfect time. While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet together these businesses decide how it works, and established rules and standards that everyone stays. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that is taking place to determine how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for instance, one needs permission from a Registrar, which has a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone to connect to and with her. Concern over security problems? A working group is formed to work on the issue and the solution developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you have someone to call to get it fixed. If the difficulty is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in position and service level agreements, which regulate the way in which these problems are resolved. The advantage of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain isn’t governed by any centered company. No one can tell the miners to update, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that is something that as a devoted supporter badge of honour, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that regulate how it works current constitutional problems to the user. Blockchain technology has none of that. Many individuals would rather use a currency deflation, notably individuals who desire to save. Despite the criticism and disbelief, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some uses than others. Fiscal solitude, for instance, is amazing for political activists, but more debatable when it comes to political campaign financing. We need a secure cryptocurrency for use in trade; if you’re living pay check to pay check, it’d happen as part of your riches, with the rest earmarked for other currencies. Ethereum is an unbelievable cryptocurrency platform, yet, if growth is too fast, there may be some issues. If the platform is adopted quickly, Ethereum requests could improve dramatically, and at a rate that exceeds the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under such a scenario, the whole platform of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the increasing costs of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum platform and ether. Uncertainty of demand for ether may result in an adverse change in the economic parameters of an Ethereum based business that may lead to business being unable to continue to operate or to cease operation. If you are looking for How A Ethereum Classic Exchange Works, look no further than Cryptocurrency. Since one of the earliest forms of making money is in money financing, it is a fact that one can do that with cryptocurrency. Most of the giving websites now focus on Bitcoin, Some of these websites you’re needed fill in a captcha after a certain time frame and are rewarded with a small amount of coins for visiting them. It is possible to see the www.cryptofunds.co site to locate some lists of of these websites to tap into the currency of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have quite different dynamics. New ones are constantly popping up which means they do not have lots of market data and historical perspective for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have somewhat poor liquidity as well and it is hard to develop a fair investment strategy. Anyone can become a Bitcoin miner running software with specialized hardware. Mining software listen for transmission trades on the peer-to-peer network and perform the appropriate tasks to process and support these trades. Bitcoin miners do this because they are able to bring in transaction fees paid by users for faster transaction processing, and new bitcoins in existence are under denominated formulas. Cryptocurrency is freeing people to transact cash and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but they also be a part of more complicated smart contracts. Multiple signatures allow a trade to be supported by the network, but where a particular number of a defined group of folks consent to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This enables progressive dispute mediation services to be developed in the future. These services could allow a third party to approve or reject a trade in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their cash. Unlike cash and other payment methods, the blockchain consistently leaves public evidence a transaction happened. This can be possibly used in an appeal against companies with deceptive practices. Only a fraction of bitcoins issued so far can be found on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, this means the cost a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This limits the number of bitcoins that are really circulating in the exchanges. Moreover, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Therefore, even the most diligent buyer could not purchase all existing bitcoins. This situation is just not to suggest that markets are not vulnerable to price exploitation, yet there is certainly no need for big amounts of money to move market prices up or down. The slightest occasions on earth economy can affect the cost of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> A heavy duty concentrated neutral cleaner contain an odor counteractant which leaves treated area fresh and clean. A heavy duty concentrated neutral cleaner contains an odor counteractant which leaves treated area fresh and clean. General Cleaning: Cleans all surfaces not harmed by water including resilient and surface flooring, walls, woodwork, furniture, porcelain, metal, glass, rugs, upholstery, etc. Works equally well in hard or soft water. Leaves a pleasant fragrance. Use 2 to 4 ounces of All-Purpose Neutral Cleaner per gallon of water. For heavy cleaning increase 4 to 8 ounces per gallon of water. </s>" <s> A heavy duty concentrated neutral cleaner contain an odor counteractant which leaves treated area fresh and clean. A heavy duty concentrated neutral cleaner contains an odor counteractant which leaves treated area fresh and clean. General Cleaning: Cleans all surfaces not harmed by water including resilient and surface flooring, walls, woodwork, furniture, porcelain, metal, glass, rugs, upholstery, etc. Works equally well in hard or soft water. Leaves a pleasant fragrance. Use 2 to 4 ounces of All-Purpose Neutral Cleaner per gallon of water. For heavy cleaning increase 4 to 8 ounces per gallon of water. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Advanced Leaf Blower is an item added by the Actually Additions mod. It breaks Grass, Leaves and flowers in a five block radius around the player. The Advanced Leaf Blower performs actions faster than a regular Leaf Blower. Advanced Leaf Blower has no known uses in crafting. This page was last modified on 24 August 2016, at 20:34. </s>" <s> Advanced Leaf Blower is an item added by the Actually Additions mod. It breaks Grass, Leaves and flowers in a five block radius around the player. The Advanced Leaf Blower performs actions faster than a regular Leaf Blower. Advanced Leaf Blower has no known uses in crafting. This page was last modified on 24 August 2016, at 20:34. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> At my church I volunteer as a reader and usher, and as the Thrivent organizer for meetings and events, and I serve on the women's society. I also am involved with the Atlantic District Lutheran Women's Missionary League. Why have you chosen to make volunteering a priority in your life? Volunteering is being part of something bigger than you. You may not see the result of what you do, but you make a difference just doing it. I believe God moved within me to start volunteering so it became a part of who I am. There were times my children would come along and help, too. I made sure there were things they could do and understand why we were doing it. My husband and I are retired, and we both volunteer. Volunteering has made me a better person. So many people! There is a woman in my church who is over 80. She asks if she can help me do whatever project I have. She's crocheted bandages for lepers and knit scarves for people in need. I am inspired by her and a much older woman who helps raise money for a deaf ministry. Tell us about a time you felt you received more than you gave. I think everyone who volunteers feels they receive more than they give. I was a Girl Scout leader for 40 years and was glad to share in the lives of many young girls – listening to them and being a part of their world. I didn't realize the full impact of that experience until I met up with a former Girl Scout, who's now a young adult in college. She told me how much I did for her. I was so touched by her comment. Tell us about one of your most memorable or touching moments as a volunteer. Working on a Thrivent Builds with Habitat for Humanity home has always moved me. On one build, the family had lost the mom. It was a difficult time. When the children came to the house and told me where their rooms would be, I was as excited as they were. The special moment came when I was asked to present the keys at the home dedication. I could hardly speak as I handed the dad the keys to his family's new home. We both cried and laughed at the same time. I will never forget that. What would you say to others who are hesitant about volunteering or feel they lack the time to give back? People can make a difference by volunteering small amounts of time. Plus, they'll feel enriched by their experience and become changed people. I ask people to help me with just one part of an event – a short-term opportunity that can lead to others. And if people don't have to attend meetings but can do tasks on the computer, it's a plus. One woman said she never volunteered because no one asked her! Thrivent offers many ways you can make a difference for others, from leading Thrivent Action Teams, to directing Choice Dollars® and volunteering on a Thrivent Builds trip. Sound like something you'd like to try? Learn more about our programs. </s>" <s> At my church I volunteer as a reader and usher, and as the Thrivent organizer for meetings and events, and I serve on the women's society. I also am involved with the Atlantic District Lutheran Women's Missionary League. Why have you chosen to make volunteering a priority in your life? Volunteering is being part of something bigger than you. You may not see the result of what you do, but you make a difference just doing it. I believe God moved within me to start volunteering so it became a part of who I am. There were times my children would come along and help, too. I made sure there were things they could do and understand why we were doing it. My husband and I are retired, and we both volunteer. Volunteering has made me a better person. So many people! There is a woman in my church who is over 80. She asks if she can help me do whatever project I have. She's crocheted bandages for lepers and knit scarves for people in need. I am inspired by her and a much older woman who helps raise money for a deaf ministry. Tell us about a time you felt you received more than you gave. I think everyone who volunteers feels they receive more than they give. I was a Girl Scout leader for 40 years and was glad to share in the lives of many young girls – listening to them and being a part of their world. I didn't realize the full impact of that experience until I met up with a former Girl Scout, who's now a young adult in college. She told me how much I did for her. I was so touched by her comment. Tell us about one of your most memorable or touching moments as a volunteer. Working on a Thrivent Builds with Habitat for Humanity home has always moved me. On one build, the family had lost the mom. It was a difficult time. When the children came to the house and told me where their rooms would be, I was as excited as they were. The special moment came when I was asked to present the keys at the home dedication. I could hardly speak as I handed the dad the keys to his family's new home. We both cried and laughed at the same time. I will never forget that. What would you say to others who are hesitant about volunteering or feel they lack the time to give back? People can make a difference by volunteering small amounts of time. Plus, they'll feel enriched by their experience and become changed people. I ask people to help me with just one part of an event – a short-term opportunity that can lead to others. And if people don't have to attend meetings but can do tasks on the computer, it's a plus. One woman said she never volunteered because no one asked her! Thrivent offers many ways you can make a difference for others, from leading Thrivent Action Teams, to directing Choice Dollars® and volunteering on a Thrivent Builds trip. Sound like something you'd like to try? Learn more about our programs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Apple celebrated the tenth anniversary of the iPhone’s introduction with the launch of three new models: the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, and the much-anticipated display-focused iPhone X that sports the highest price tag yet for an iPhone. Plus the rumours of a 4G-enabled Apple Watch proved true. Watch our five-minute highlights video of the event that marks a milestone in Apple’s history. </s>" <s> Apple celebrated the tenth anniversary of the iPhone’s introduction with the launch of three new models: the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, and the much-anticipated display-focused iPhone X that sports the highest price tag yet for an iPhone. Plus the rumours of a 4G-enabled Apple Watch proved true. Watch our five-minute highlights video of the event that marks a milestone in Apple’s history. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Two of the nicest people anywhere are leaving to move back to Florida. Jim and Melanie are packing things up and stashing them into the container (already on a trailer too) that's parked in their front yard. The inside of their house is beginning to look like they don't live there any more. Even the hand-made bar is gone. Yesterday, at the 'appointed time and place', we celebrated our last happy hour on the patio, pool-side at Jim and Melanie's. If it's not the end of an era, it's certainly been a good run of several years. We're just thankful we were able to be part of it for three and a half of those. We'll get by somehow. It's not going to be easy. We'll all miss you very much. Have a safe journey back to the world and remember, you're always welcome back here anytime. We love you both very much. Thank you for the kind remarks. We have really enjoyed hosting the Friday Happy Hours. There will be a hole left in my heart not seeing you all at least every week. It has been a wonderful 7 years 3 months here. We will miss all of you a lot. I know how you feel, I felt that way when D & D left. </s>" <s> Two of the nicest people anywhere are leaving to move back to Florida. Jim and Melanie are packing things up and stashing them into the container (already on a trailer too) that's parked in their front yard. The inside of their house is beginning to look like they don't live there any more. Even the hand-made bar is gone. Yesterday, at the 'appointed time and place', we celebrated our last happy hour on the patio, pool-side at Jim and Melanie's. If it's not the end of an era, it's certainly been a good run of several years. We're just thankful we were able to be part of it for three and a half of those. We'll get by somehow. It's not going to be easy. We'll all miss you very much. Have a safe journey back to the world and remember, you're always welcome back here anytime. We love you both very much. Thank you for the kind remarks. We have really enjoyed hosting the Friday Happy Hours. There will be a hole left in my heart not seeing you all at least every week. It has been a wonderful 7 years 3 months here. We will miss all of you a lot. I know how you feel, I felt that way when D & D left. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Can I split a large amp 240 circuit into two lower amp 240 circuits? Smoke Detector wiring - impacted by 2 breakers? Why does my new lamp hum while turned off? Can I provide low-voltage power for an HVAC humidifier from a standard outlet? Any ideas why a LP gas range would suddenly start tripping GFCI breaker when the oven turns on? Should i be looking for a short somewhere and if so, where? I have been trying to wire this to a motion sensor switch, but after turn back on the power, the sensor is blinking, but the lights won’t turn on. Why is one leg of my dryer circuit dead? Wiring a ceiling light to a ceiling fan box: what about ground? Can I replace this switch with a 3-way switch? Why don't my lights work after I added a GFCI outlet to the circuit? Is this line voltage thermostat sufficient? How should I connect two lighting switches in a double-gang box? is there a difference in URD or UF #6-3 wire? should they be in conduit? How do I qualify for the 75C table in the ampacity chart? </s>" <s> Can I split a large amp 240 circuit into two lower amp 240 circuits? Smoke Detector wiring - impacted by 2 breakers? Why does my new lamp hum while turned off? Can I provide low-voltage power for an HVAC humidifier from a standard outlet? Any ideas why a LP gas range would suddenly start tripping GFCI breaker when the oven turns on? Should i be looking for a short somewhere and if so, where? I have been trying to wire this to a motion sensor switch, but after turn back on the power, the sensor is blinking, but the lights won’t turn on. Why is one leg of my dryer circuit dead? Wiring a ceiling light to a ceiling fan box: what about ground? Can I replace this switch with a 3-way switch? Why don't my lights work after I added a GFCI outlet to the circuit? Is this line voltage thermostat sufficient? How should I connect two lighting switches in a double-gang box? is there a difference in URD or UF #6-3 wire? should they be in conduit? How do I qualify for the 75C table in the ampacity chart? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> WHAT SCHOOL WAS THIS PROGRAM BOOKED AT? PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR NAME AS WELL, IF YOU FEEL COMFORTABLE DOING SO. DO YOU HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL COMMENTS ON THE PROGRAM? </s>" <s> WHAT SCHOOL WAS THIS PROGRAM BOOKED AT? PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR NAME AS WELL, IF YOU FEEL COMFORTABLE DOING SO. DO YOU HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL COMMENTS ON THE PROGRAM? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> It is January 20, 2018. Q has not posted. “Economic Security is National Security” - Donald Trump, 1991. In the past several decades, globalists have been siphoning off America’s strength and wealth to other countries. We were losing our ability to supply critical industries for our nation’s defense such as manufacturing, steel, high tech, chip fabrication, etc. This put the United States in a vulnerable position. We must be able to feed ourselves, provide our own energy, and manufacture what we need. Otherwise we could be extorted, and not be able to purchase the things we need or be forced to sell something we don’t want to sell. President Trump has been pushing hard to quickly get our resources back so we will be in the strongest position possible when the global reset occurs. Bob Kudla discusses Trump’s strategy to restore our national sovereignty. </s>" <s> It is January 20, 2018. Q has not posted. “Economic Security is National Security” - Donald Trump, 1991. In the past several decades, globalists have been siphoning off America’s strength and wealth to other countries. We were losing our ability to supply critical industries for our nation’s defense such as manufacturing, steel, high tech, chip fabrication, etc. This put the United States in a vulnerable position. We must be able to feed ourselves, provide our own energy, and manufacture what we need. Otherwise we could be extorted, and not be able to purchase the things we need or be forced to sell something we don’t want to sell. President Trump has been pushing hard to quickly get our resources back so we will be in the strongest position possible when the global reset occurs. Bob Kudla discusses Trump’s strategy to restore our national sovereignty. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Take Iguazio Out for a Spin in the Cloud! We are excited to announce Iguazio is now offering a 14-day free trial of our platform’s cloud version. Experience real-time performance across multi-variant data sets and accelerate the delivery of intelligent applications without the cost and capacity limitations of in-memory technologies with Iguazio’s cloud trial. In this first step we are providing the option to spawn up a cluster for evaluation. Later this year we will continue to gradually unveil Iguazio’s cloud offering with a more robust setup that is also suitable for production environments. By default, the cluster is deployed with a demo app that simulates a ride hailing application. This simulation includes a real-time heatmap that shows supply and demand for drivers and passengers. It’s a great example of a typical real-time application. What makes the Iguazio cloud unique? Iguazio is the only vendor that provides all the building blocks for real-time applications in a single click. Users stream data directly to Iguazio without the need to spawn up a streaming cluster and then analyze the data in real-time using multiple frameworks and APIs. Iguazio’s unique data modeling enables users to ingest data through Rest APIs and then access the data with Spark or Presto for further analysis. Build a modern pipeline with function as a service and database as a service – data is stored once and is then accessible from various APIs in real-time. The solution includes a simple user interface for managing the Iguazio cluster. Dashboards provide a view of the cluster and management tools to create containers, view performance stats, manage users, create and manage functions and more. Focus on code rather than deploying and managing a complicated environment. We’ve done all the work for you by setting up a cutting edge technology environment with a serverless framework, advanced data services and analytics tools running on top of a Kuberenetes cluster. Build an application prototype without wasting time on deploying and managing a complicated environment. The platform is suitable for a wide range of use cases, such as data center monitoring, cyber security, ticker analysis, real-time customer 360, real-time recommendations, IoT predictive analytics. Kicking the tires is just the beginning. Iguazio is known for its high performance, yet the trial environment is mainly for building prototypes and demonstrating Iguazio’s functionalities. Our team is happy to provide information about Iguazio’s performance as the end goal is to deploy production applications. Launching a product is always exciting and we look forward to your input, feedback and insights as we prepare Iguazio’s cloud offering with a more robust setup for production applications, which is due out later this year. Feel free to reach out to us at info@www.iguazio.com. Now go and play ! Adi Hirschtein is Iguazio's Director of Product Management. </s>" <s> Take Iguazio Out for a Spin in the Cloud! We are excited to announce Iguazio is now offering a 14-day free trial of our platform’s cloud version. Experience real-time performance across multi-variant data sets and accelerate the delivery of intelligent applications without the cost and capacity limitations of in-memory technologies with Iguazio’s cloud trial. In this first step we are providing the option to spawn up a cluster for evaluation. Later this year we will continue to gradually unveil Iguazio’s cloud offering with a more robust setup that is also suitable for production environments. By default, the cluster is deployed with a demo app that simulates a ride hailing application. This simulation includes a real-time heatmap that shows supply and demand for drivers and passengers. It’s a great example of a typical real-time application. What makes the Iguazio cloud unique? Iguazio is the only vendor that provides all the building blocks for real-time applications in a single click. Users stream data directly to Iguazio without the need to spawn up a streaming cluster and then analyze the data in real-time using multiple frameworks and APIs. Iguazio’s unique data modeling enables users to ingest data through Rest APIs and then access the data with Spark or Presto for further analysis. Build a modern pipeline with function as a service and database as a service – data is stored once and is then accessible from various APIs in real-time. The solution includes a simple user interface for managing the Iguazio cluster. Dashboards provide a view of the cluster and management tools to create containers, view performance stats, manage users, create and manage functions and more. Focus on code rather than deploying and managing a complicated environment. We’ve done all the work for you by setting up a cutting edge technology environment with a serverless framework, advanced data services and analytics tools running on top of a Kuberenetes cluster. Build an application prototype without wasting time on deploying and managing a complicated environment. The platform is suitable for a wide range of use cases, such as data center monitoring, cyber security, ticker analysis, real-time customer 360, real-time recommendations, IoT predictive analytics. Kicking the tires is just the beginning. Iguazio is known for its high performance, yet the trial environment is mainly for building prototypes and demonstrating Iguazio’s functionalities. Our team is happy to provide information about Iguazio’s performance as the end goal is to deploy production applications. Launching a product is always exciting and we look forward to your input, feedback and insights as we prepare Iguazio’s cloud offering with a more robust setup for production applications, which is due out later this year. Feel free to reach out to us at info@www.iguazio.com. Now go and play ! Adi Hirschtein is Iguazio's Director of Product Management. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> 4G/ LTE Now on unlocked Thailand NL 920 - NEW FIRMWARE RELEASED! Guys guess what Nokia just released a new firmware that enables 4G on the APAC_THAI NL 920's. Please see pix below. Thats good news... Hopefully Nokia will start rolling out 1314 for the rest of the world. </s>" <s> 4G/ LTE Now on unlocked Thailand NL 920 - NEW FIRMWARE RELEASED! Guys guess what Nokia just released a new firmware that enables 4G on the APAC_THAI NL 920's. Please see pix below. Thats good news... Hopefully Nokia will start rolling out 1314 for the rest of the world. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Szklarska Poreba, Poland – Anchorage, Alaska’s Kikkan Randall skied to a career best classical technique distance event, finishing eighth in a 10k FIS Cross Country World Cup on Saturday in Szklarska Poreba. Thousands of Polish fans turned out to see national hero Justyna Kowalcyk win a day after Randall knocked her out in the quarterfinals of the sprint, and move into the World Cup lead. Johann Olson of Sweden won the men’s 15k. </s>" <s> Szklarska Poreba, Poland – Anchorage, Alaska’s Kikkan Randall skied to a career best classical technique distance event, finishing eighth in a 10k FIS Cross Country World Cup on Saturday in Szklarska Poreba. Thousands of Polish fans turned out to see national hero Justyna Kowalcyk win a day after Randall knocked her out in the quarterfinals of the sprint, and move into the World Cup lead. Johann Olson of Sweden won the men’s 15k. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> To write this report, we combed through thousands of pages of teacher education textbooks for discussion of research-based strategies that every teacher candidate should learn in order to promote student learning and retention. What few references we found were buried among pages discussing teaching strategies with much less -- often no -- scientific merit. This report asserts that textbook publishers and authors are failing the teaching profession, students and the public by neglecting to provide our next generation of teachers with the fundamental knowledge they need to make learning ""stick."" </s>" <s> To write this report, we combed through thousands of pages of teacher education textbooks for discussion of research-based strategies that every teacher candidate should learn in order to promote student learning and retention. What few references we found were buried among pages discussing teaching strategies with much less -- often no -- scientific merit. This report asserts that textbook publishers and authors are failing the teaching profession, students and the public by neglecting to provide our next generation of teachers with the fundamental knowledge they need to make learning """stick.""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Do you want to get better results from your online marketing spend? Is it likely that you're spending money on things that aren't giving you a good return? We can help you optimize your digital marketing ad spend and help you find new channels for acquiring profitable customers. We can make you more money. Its what we do. Call (316) 350-5541 and we'll schedule your website for an immediate (free) SEO checkup and copy analysis, and we'll chat about how we can make your business reach more paying customers online. What's the checkup/copy-analysis about? Well, we teardown your website a bit and find out what it could be doing better both in terms of driving traffic and in terms of causing website visitors to turn in to paying customers. Then, we create a summary report and email it to you. We'll also send you a proposal for what changes we'd make and what we would charge you to do it all for you. Most checkups are finished within an hour. Call now. </s>" <s> Do you want to get better results from your online marketing spend? Is it likely that you're spending money on things that aren't giving you a good return? We can help you optimize your digital marketing ad spend and help you find new channels for acquiring profitable customers. We can make you more money. Its what we do. Call (316) 350-5541 and we'll schedule your website for an immediate (free) SEO checkup and copy analysis, and we'll chat about how we can make your business reach more paying customers online. What's the checkup/copy-analysis about? Well, we teardown your website a bit and find out what it could be doing better both in terms of driving traffic and in terms of causing website visitors to turn in to paying customers. Then, we create a summary report and email it to you. We'll also send you a proposal for what changes we'd make and what we would charge you to do it all for you. Most checkups are finished within an hour. Call now. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> New rates, thresholds and other changes in the employment arena commenced from 1 July 2018. The following article briefly summarises the main amendments that employers should be aware of. The high-income threshold increased from the previous $142,000 to $145,400 from 1 July 2018. This means employees whose annual rate of earnings is $145,400 (which excludes statutory superannuation) or more and who are not covered by an award or enterprise agreement, are unable to pursue an unfair dismissal application. The change also means that the maximum compensation that can be awarded for an unfair dismissal claim increased from $71,000 to $72,700. The national minimum wage has increased to $719.20 per week or $18.93 per hour (calculated on the basis of a 38 hour week for a full time employee). This represents a 3.5% increase. The increase applies from the first full pay period starting on or after 1 July 2018. Minimum award rates also increase by 3.5% from the first full payment period starting on or after 1 July 2018. The adjustment to the minimum award rate may also affect penalties and allowances. Employers should review applicable awards to ensure compliance. The award wages increase may also impact upon employers who have enterprise agreements if the rates in the enterprise agreements fall below the new award minimums. When over-award rates are paid, there may be the ability to absorb the increase into the over award payments. In this regard, employers should seek our specific legal advice before doing so. Finally, the filing fee for unfair dismissal, unlawful termination, general protections and anti-bullying applications in the Fair Work Commission increased from $70.60 to $71.90 on 1 July. There have also be increases to Federal Court and Federal Circuit Court filing fees. </s>" <s> New rates, thresholds and other changes in the employment arena commenced from 1 July 2018. The following article briefly summarises the main amendments that employers should be aware of. The high-income threshold increased from the previous $142,000 to $145,400 from 1 July 2018. This means employees whose annual rate of earnings is $145,400 (which excludes statutory superannuation) or more and who are not covered by an award or enterprise agreement, are unable to pursue an unfair dismissal application. The change also means that the maximum compensation that can be awarded for an unfair dismissal claim increased from $71,000 to $72,700. The national minimum wage has increased to $719.20 per week or $18.93 per hour (calculated on the basis of a 38 hour week for a full time employee). This represents a 3.5% increase. The increase applies from the first full pay period starting on or after 1 July 2018. Minimum award rates also increase by 3.5% from the first full payment period starting on or after 1 July 2018. The adjustment to the minimum award rate may also affect penalties and allowances. Employers should review applicable awards to ensure compliance. The award wages increase may also impact upon employers who have enterprise agreements if the rates in the enterprise agreements fall below the new award minimums. When over-award rates are paid, there may be the ability to absorb the increase into the over award payments. In this regard, employers should seek our specific legal advice before doing so. Finally, the filing fee for unfair dismissal, unlawful termination, general protections and anti-bullying applications in the Fair Work Commission increased from $70.60 to $71.90 on 1 July. There have also be increases to Federal Court and Federal Circuit Court filing fees. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Since there are so many ringtone makers on the Internet, you may feel confused which one is the best program to create ringtones on Mac. To help you save time and efforts, here we’ve collected 6 best ringtone maker for Mac, so that you can choose one that fits your demands best. The first best program introduced here is Joyoshare Media Cutter for Mac. It is not only a video cutter and editor, but also an audio cutter joiner and editor. With Joyoshare, you can easily to cut any large audio file into smaller one, remove the unwanted parts of the audio and join the audio clips from the same source together to generate a new one. Besides, you can also adjust the volume and weighting of the audio file, add special sound effects to the audio, extract audio from video, etc. Thus, it can be used to create ringtones for you phone or pad, etc. It’s worth noting that Joyoshare Media Cutter for Mac supports lots of audio file formats including MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC, AC3, OGG, AIFF, RA, M4A, M4B, M4P, M4R, MP2, MPA, MKA, RAM, APE, FLAC, AA, etc, so that you can use any media file in different formats to become a ringtone. Besides iPhone, iPad and Android generic, you can also create ringtones for Windows Phones, Blackberry, Motorola, LG Optimus, etc. As one of the best ringtone converter tools, 4Media Ringtone Maker for Mac allows you to create a ringtone from your favorite songs or extract audio tracks from video files with ease. The Mac ringtone maker supports plenty of input and output audio formats such as MP3, WAV, M4A, M4R, OGG, AMR, etc and video formats like AVI, MPEG, MP4, WMV, DivX, H.264/AVC, MKV, MOV, AVCHD, RM, XviD, 3GP, and more. With it, you can convert ringtones for iPhones, Windows Phones, Google phones, BlackBerry, Sony Ericsson, Nokia, Motorola, LG, HTC, etc. Aiming to create ringtones for mobile phones on Mac, this powerful ringtone maker lets user record any sound for ringtone, trim it as you like, add fade in or fade out effects, and adjust output ringtone parameters such as sample rate, bitrate, channel and volume, etc. The Mac ringtone creator allows you to make ringtones of different file formats including MP3, AMR, OGG, M4R, WMA, WAV, M4A, etc for many different phones like iPhones, Android phones, Windows phones, Nokia and other mobile phones. Xilisoft iPhone Ringtone Maker for Mac is a simple-to-use Mac ringtone creator for iPhone users. The software allows you to convert music, songs, voices and other audios or even movies to ringtone. It supports many audio file formats such as MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC, CDA, OGG, FLAC, etc, as well as a wide range of video formats including MP4, AVI, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, MKV, M4V, VOB, H.264/MPEG-4, DivX, XviD, RM, RMVB, etc. You can also add fade in and fade out effects to enhance your ringtone. After ringtone is made, you can freely transfer it to your iPhone or iPad and set it as ringtone. This iPhone M4R ringtone maker is specially designed for creating ringtones for iPhone/iPad/iPod touch users on the Mac. This program allows you to trim and clip an audio file or video to keep the segment you desire and convert it to iPhone ringtone. You can also set fade in and fade out timings, and adjust the ringtone parameters. Moreover, the built-in player will offer you a pre-listening chance before converting it. It can convert many popular media formats like WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AVI, MPEG, MP4, DivX to iOS gadget ringtone in M4R. This is another useful Mac iPhone ringtone maker that allows you to customize ringtones very easily. You can create ringtone from your own music or extract audio from beloved movie, etc. In addition, you’re enabled to apply fade-in and fade-out effects to make it smooth. The audio waveform is always shown for a precise trimming and the built-in audio recorder provides an easy recording. iSkysoft iPhone Ringtone Maker offers you three easy methods to export your polished iPhone ringtone. You can directly transfer it to your iPhone, save it to the local folder of your Mac or save it to iTunes. There are many ringtone makers for Mac in the current market, and here we just pick up 6 best of them, with their advantages and disadvantages included. If you’re seeking for a powerful ringtone creator that can make ringtone for many other different mobile phones, you can consider Joyoshare Media Cutter, 4Media or Aolor; otherwise, if you only want to convert audio to your iPhone ringtone, just try Xilisoft, iMacsoft or iSkysoft. Hope you have a pleasant ringtone making experience! </s>" <s> Since there are so many ringtone makers on the Internet, you may feel confused which one is the best program to create ringtones on Mac. To help you save time and efforts, here we’ve collected 6 best ringtone maker for Mac, so that you can choose one that fits your demands best. The first best program introduced here is Joyoshare Media Cutter for Mac. It is not only a video cutter and editor, but also an audio cutter joiner and editor. With Joyoshare, you can easily to cut any large audio file into smaller one, remove the unwanted parts of the audio and join the audio clips from the same source together to generate a new one. Besides, you can also adjust the volume and weighting of the audio file, add special sound effects to the audio, extract audio from video, etc. Thus, it can be used to create ringtones for you phone or pad, etc. It’s worth noting that Joyoshare Media Cutter for Mac supports lots of audio file formats including MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC, AC3, OGG, AIFF, RA, M4A, M4B, M4P, M4R, MP2, MPA, MKA, RAM, APE, FLAC, AA, etc, so that you can use any media file in different formats to become a ringtone. Besides iPhone, iPad and Android generic, you can also create ringtones for Windows Phones, Blackberry, Motorola, LG Optimus, etc. As one of the best ringtone converter tools, 4Media Ringtone Maker for Mac allows you to create a ringtone from your favorite songs or extract audio tracks from video files with ease. The Mac ringtone maker supports plenty of input and output audio formats such as MP3, WAV, M4A, M4R, OGG, AMR, etc and video formats like AVI, MPEG, MP4, WMV, DivX, H.264/AVC, MKV, MOV, AVCHD, RM, XviD, 3GP, and more. With it, you can convert ringtones for iPhones, Windows Phones, Google phones, BlackBerry, Sony Ericsson, Nokia, Motorola, LG, HTC, etc. Aiming to create ringtones for mobile phones on Mac, this powerful ringtone maker lets user record any sound for ringtone, trim it as you like, add fade in or fade out effects, and adjust output ringtone parameters such as sample rate, bitrate, channel and volume, etc. The Mac ringtone creator allows you to make ringtones of different file formats including MP3, AMR, OGG, M4R, WMA, WAV, M4A, etc for many different phones like iPhones, Android phones, Windows phones, Nokia and other mobile phones. Xilisoft iPhone Ringtone Maker for Mac is a simple-to-use Mac ringtone creator for iPhone users. The software allows you to convert music, songs, voices and other audios or even movies to ringtone. It supports many audio file formats such as MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC, CDA, OGG, FLAC, etc, as well as a wide range of video formats including MP4, AVI, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, MKV, M4V, VOB, H.264/MPEG-4, DivX, XviD, RM, RMVB, etc. You can also add fade in and fade out effects to enhance your ringtone. After ringtone is made, you can freely transfer it to your iPhone or iPad and set it as ringtone. This iPhone M4R ringtone maker is specially designed for creating ringtones for iPhone/iPad/iPod touch users on the Mac. This program allows you to trim and clip an audio file or video to keep the segment you desire and convert it to iPhone ringtone. You can also set fade in and fade out timings, and adjust the ringtone parameters. Moreover, the built-in player will offer you a pre-listening chance before converting it. It can convert many popular media formats like WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AVI, MPEG, MP4, DivX to iOS gadget ringtone in M4R. This is another useful Mac iPhone ringtone maker that allows you to customize ringtones very easily. You can create ringtone from your own music or extract audio from beloved movie, etc. In addition, you’re enabled to apply fade-in and fade-out effects to make it smooth. The audio waveform is always shown for a precise trimming and the built-in audio recorder provides an easy recording. iSkysoft iPhone Ringtone Maker offers you three easy methods to export your polished iPhone ringtone. You can directly transfer it to your iPhone, save it to the local folder of your Mac or save it to iTunes. There are many ringtone makers for Mac in the current market, and here we just pick up 6 best of them, with their advantages and disadvantages included. If you’re seeking for a powerful ringtone creator that can make ringtone for many other different mobile phones, you can consider Joyoshare Media Cutter, 4Media or Aolor; otherwise, if you only want to convert audio to your iPhone ringtone, just try Xilisoft, iMacsoft or iSkysoft. Hope you have a pleasant ringtone making experience! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> When you find the cause, it might be outside the passenger compartment, but in either case, humidity inside a car is basically the same as outside. You will get it figured out and learn that that car can't beat you that easily. The most important knowledge is not knowledge at all, just boneheaded perseverance. ""I will kick that problems arse"". The real question is how bad will it beat me up before it surrenders! [QUOTE=Old Mechanic;272987]""Circuit tripped"" means you have made a connection that works without the relay in the circuit and the fuel pump works? Maybe i used the wrong wording. I place a jumper wire in the #5 and #7 terminals as shown in the Chilton guide. I hear the fuel pump stay on constantly but the car still will not start ( and there is spark, though weak ). That can cure the problem temporarily but remember the fuel pump will run continuously, even with the key out of the ignition switch. That's odd. I have to have the car turned to ACC to hear the pump stay on. Don.t leave it that way or it will kill your battery, but it should make the car drivable. As stated above, the car still will not start as odd as that is. I have seen one Mercedes with 4 ignition switches replaced. The woman owned 100 vending machines and kept all of the keys hanging from the ignition switch. Once she separated all the vending machine keys from the key she used to start the car her problems ended. I have since stopped using the wad of keys. ( around six months ago actually ) There is play in the switch, but not that much. Nothing that i would think of as 'loose'. The loose part is the mechanical portion of the ignition steering column lock. The electrical part (at least on Nissan's) was a separate switch mounted to the back of the steering column lock. The weak spark may also be related to the ignition switch, so that points to the switch as the most likely suspect. In some cases when the mechanical lock gets sloppy (as you described) it MAY cause the connections in the electrical portion to not line up properly. Most ignition circuits use battery voltage for starting then use some resistance to keep the voltage lower when the engine is running. Is the spark stronger when (and if) it is running assuming you can get it running. When you have two separate things that are not working properly, then the most likely cause is the source of voltage to those two separate things. One would be the ignition switch, the other would be battery and or grounds. That not an absolute statement but a most probable cause. It's why these things can be so damn frustrating. I would not worry about the pump running with the switch on accessory and not when the key is out of the switch. I may be there is another relay powering up instead of the pump circuit going directly to the battery. My knowledge of Honda's is not that specific so for the time being don't get to concerned with that. I have seen a leaky windshield dump water on the ECU and fire up the pump and the ground circuit to the injectors in a 300 ZX. When the car was towed to us 4 gallons of fuel had been pumped into the engine and it was liquid locked with fuel in the cylinders and the cranckcase was full of gas! I had the car running the other day and tested the spark. It was identical to when the car will not start. The battery cable was very corroded once i pulled back the rubber casing. I replaced it and thought this would possibly be the cause of the problem, but the car just seemed to rev stronger. I bought a piece of thick gauge wire and im going to ground the hell out of this thing ! I asked on the Honda forums about testing ignition switches, and they said that i should see the warning light come on and stay on for a second or two when i turn the key. Also, if i pull up the emergency brake, the light is supposed to stay on. I'll deal with this tomorrow. Thanks for all the help Mech. The more I think about it the more I wonder why the pump would work when the ignition switch was in the accessory position. Honda forums usually have a couple of real pros who have more Honda specific knowledge than myself. I would check the voltage at the positive terminal of the ignition coil, it should be close to battery voltage under the same conditions. Also if you have the car running check the voltage at the battery to see if the charging system is working properly. If you want to get the electrical portion of the ignition switch and it is not too expensive it might be a good shot to replace it. We had them in stock at my old Nissan shop so we could just plug in a new one and see if it solved the problems. Or, you could check for voltage drops at the ignition switch (remove bottom cover of the steering column). A voltage drop is almost certainly the best evidence of finding the real source of your problem, since ignitions switches are not supposed to have any resistance to create a voltage drop. You have determined that the fuel pump is not the only problem and the spark is weak. I think you have already replaced the distributor and plugs. The old plugs were cruddy and had a large gap. How about the ignition wires and the coil? See if the coil wire has a good spark compared to the plug wires themselves. If so then its in the cap and plug wires. If not it's probably the coil or low voltage to the coil. Make sure both positive and negative battery terminals are clean (cables removed) and clean the inside of both cables where they contact the terminals on the battery. Also make sure the other ends of both battery cables are clean and tightly connected to their respective components. Today it rained and rained ...and rained, so I didn't do much of anything. I tried to test the distributor, but rain was actually hitting the distributor ( no garage remember ?) So I quit for the day. Today i tested the alternator, specifically the ICM. It checks out fine with over 11.5 volts. The car still fails to start with the main relay jumped. I can hear the fuel pump kick on and stay on, but the car just revs. Last edited by Cd; 12-08-2011 at 11:17 AM.. </s>" <s> When you find the cause, it might be outside the passenger compartment, but in either case, humidity inside a car is basically the same as outside. You will get it figured out and learn that that car can't beat you that easily. The most important knowledge is not knowledge at all, just boneheaded perseverance. """I" will kick that problems "arse""." The real question is how bad will it beat me up before it surrenders! [QUOTE=Old "Mechanic;272987]""Circuit" "tripped""" means you have made a connection that works without the relay in the circuit and the fuel pump works? Maybe i used the wrong wording. I place a jumper wire in the #5 and #7 terminals as shown in the Chilton guide. I hear the fuel pump stay on constantly but the car still will not start ( and there is spark, though weak ). That can cure the problem temporarily but remember the fuel pump will run continuously, even with the key out of the ignition switch. That's odd. I have to have the car turned to ACC to hear the pump stay on. Don.t leave it that way or it will kill your battery, but it should make the car drivable. As stated above, the car still will not start as odd as that is. I have seen one Mercedes with 4 ignition switches replaced. The woman owned 100 vending machines and kept all of the keys hanging from the ignition switch. Once she separated all the vending machine keys from the key she used to start the car her problems ended. I have since stopped using the wad of keys. ( around six months ago actually ) There is play in the switch, but not that much. Nothing that i would think of as 'loose'. The loose part is the mechanical portion of the ignition steering column lock. The electrical part (at least on Nissan's) was a separate switch mounted to the back of the steering column lock. The weak spark may also be related to the ignition switch, so that points to the switch as the most likely suspect. In some cases when the mechanical lock gets sloppy (as you described) it MAY cause the connections in the electrical portion to not line up properly. Most ignition circuits use battery voltage for starting then use some resistance to keep the voltage lower when the engine is running. Is the spark stronger when (and if) it is running assuming you can get it running. When you have two separate things that are not working properly, then the most likely cause is the source of voltage to those two separate things. One would be the ignition switch, the other would be battery and or grounds. That not an absolute statement but a most probable cause. It's why these things can be so damn frustrating. I would not worry about the pump running with the switch on accessory and not when the key is out of the switch. I may be there is another relay powering up instead of the pump circuit going directly to the battery. My knowledge of Honda's is not that specific so for the time being don't get to concerned with that. I have seen a leaky windshield dump water on the ECU and fire up the pump and the ground circuit to the injectors in a 300 ZX. When the car was towed to us 4 gallons of fuel had been pumped into the engine and it was liquid locked with fuel in the cylinders and the cranckcase was full of gas! I had the car running the other day and tested the spark. It was identical to when the car will not start. The battery cable was very corroded once i pulled back the rubber casing. I replaced it and thought this would possibly be the cause of the problem, but the car just seemed to rev stronger. I bought a piece of thick gauge wire and im going to ground the hell out of this thing ! I asked on the Honda forums about testing ignition switches, and they said that i should see the warning light come on and stay on for a second or two when i turn the key. Also, if i pull up the emergency brake, the light is supposed to stay on. I'll deal with this tomorrow. Thanks for all the help Mech. The more I think about it the more I wonder why the pump would work when the ignition switch was in the accessory position. Honda forums usually have a couple of real pros who have more Honda specific knowledge than myself. I would check the voltage at the positive terminal of the ignition coil, it should be close to battery voltage under the same conditions. Also if you have the car running check the voltage at the battery to see if the charging system is working properly. If you want to get the electrical portion of the ignition switch and it is not too expensive it might be a good shot to replace it. We had them in stock at my old Nissan shop so we could just plug in a new one and see if it solved the problems. Or, you could check for voltage drops at the ignition switch (remove bottom cover of the steering column). A voltage drop is almost certainly the best evidence of finding the real source of your problem, since ignitions switches are not supposed to have any resistance to create a voltage drop. You have determined that the fuel pump is not the only problem and the spark is weak. I think you have already replaced the distributor and plugs. The old plugs were cruddy and had a large gap. How about the ignition wires and the coil? See if the coil wire has a good spark compared to the plug wires themselves. If so then its in the cap and plug wires. If not it's probably the coil or low voltage to the coil. Make sure both positive and negative battery terminals are clean (cables removed) and clean the inside of both cables where they contact the terminals on the battery. Also make sure the other ends of both battery cables are clean and tightly connected to their respective components. Today it rained and rained ...and rained, so I didn't do much of anything. I tried to test the distributor, but rain was actually hitting the distributor ( no garage remember ?) So I quit for the day. Today i tested the alternator, specifically the ICM. It checks out fine with over 11.5 volts. The car still fails to start with the main relay jumped. I can hear the fuel pump kick on and stay on, but the car just revs. Last edited by Cd; 12-08-2011 at 11:17 AM.. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Who has seen the movie? Here's an article about it http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/feat/archives/2011/07/22/2003508831. As I watched it with pretty lousy subs, please, tell me what has happened to Xu Bai-jiu's marriage? How did he wind up in that god-forsaken village? </s>" <s> Who has seen the movie? Here's an article about it http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/feat/archives/2011/07/22/2003508831. As I watched it with pretty lousy subs, please, tell me what has happened to Xu Bai-jiu's marriage? How did he wind up in that god-forsaken village? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Some students prefer to purchase a cell phone upon arrival in the host country or use their current cell phone with a new SIM card from the host country. Check with your cell phone carrier to see if your phone will work at your study abroad destination. If so, you may be able to activate the international roaming service that would allow you to receive and make calls while abroad. You can also purchase international calling cards when you arrive in the host country. Email and social media are wonderful ways of staying in touch! Most universities have adequate Internet access on campus and in the housing facilities. Internet cafes are located in cities and towns of all sizes. We love seeing what you are up to while studying abroad. Be sure to use the #shuglobal whenever posting photos to social media as it helps connect you to other SHU students who are studying abroad. Posts using #shuglobal will be shared on our webpage. It is very common to experience some degree of homesickness or difficulty transitioning to a new culture when abroad – even if you have traveled previously. Being in a new and different environment is challenging and takes a little getting used to; some adapt sooner while others need more time. Cultural adjustment issues are very normal and most students experience them to some degree. If you appear to be having difficulties adjusting to new surroundings, please let the OGA know. Often, we are able to contact someone at the host university to provide a different perspective on the situation or arrange for appropriate intervention. Do not ‘feed’ the depression. You are encouraged to remain involved. In many cases, the problem solves itself within 24 hours so parents are encouraged to resist their initial urge to fly over and save the day. Stay in touch – but not too often! The acculturation process will be slow if you spend too much time emailing and talking on the phone to family and friends back home. Instead, spend more time exploring the city, making new friends, and learning the ways of the host country. Make a wish list of all the things you want to do/accomplish before you leave. Do them! Make a list of the people you want to stay in contact with and gather their contact information. These are great people to reach out to as you work through re-entry adjustment along with internationally connected people at SHU. Take pictures of your favorite people, places, foods, etc. Pictures of everyday people and places you will not see any more may be the most precious and best way to explain to others how life was abroad. In addition, we would like to see your photos! Use the #shuglobal for pictures to be features on the OGA website and enter a photo contest. Settle any financial issues. This includes checking in with SHU Financial Assistance to make sure you have done all you need to if you plan to receive financial aid your semester of return. Communicate with friends and family at home your feelings about returning home and what to expect as you go through cultural adjustment again upon return. Be conscious of making judgments and being overly critical of home. Confirm your move-out date in your host country accommodations. Confirm your housing upon return to SHU. Confirm your return flight. Check with the airline regarding weigh/size regulations and the costs for overweight or additional bags. Set aside time to say good-bye to your friends, your support on-site, your school and your city. These encounters may help you put into words what your experience has meant to you personally, academically, and professionally. The process and registration dates/times are the same as if they were still on campus. Be sure to check your SHU email regularly while abroad to ensure that you do not miss out on any important information about registration. Students should be mindful of the difference in time zones when registering for courses in WebAdvisor. The Office of Residential Life will reach out to you while abroad with information on registering for on campus housing. </s>" <s> Some students prefer to purchase a cell phone upon arrival in the host country or use their current cell phone with a new SIM card from the host country. Check with your cell phone carrier to see if your phone will work at your study abroad destination. If so, you may be able to activate the international roaming service that would allow you to receive and make calls while abroad. You can also purchase international calling cards when you arrive in the host country. Email and social media are wonderful ways of staying in touch! Most universities have adequate Internet access on campus and in the housing facilities. Internet cafes are located in cities and towns of all sizes. We love seeing what you are up to while studying abroad. Be sure to use the #shuglobal whenever posting photos to social media as it helps connect you to other SHU students who are studying abroad. Posts using #shuglobal will be shared on our webpage. It is very common to experience some degree of homesickness or difficulty transitioning to a new culture when abroad – even if you have traveled previously. Being in a new and different environment is challenging and takes a little getting used to; some adapt sooner while others need more time. Cultural adjustment issues are very normal and most students experience them to some degree. If you appear to be having difficulties adjusting to new surroundings, please let the OGA know. Often, we are able to contact someone at the host university to provide a different perspective on the situation or arrange for appropriate intervention. Do not ‘feed’ the depression. You are encouraged to remain involved. In many cases, the problem solves itself within 24 hours so parents are encouraged to resist their initial urge to fly over and save the day. Stay in touch – but not too often! The acculturation process will be slow if you spend too much time emailing and talking on the phone to family and friends back home. Instead, spend more time exploring the city, making new friends, and learning the ways of the host country. Make a wish list of all the things you want to do/accomplish before you leave. Do them! Make a list of the people you want to stay in contact with and gather their contact information. These are great people to reach out to as you work through re-entry adjustment along with internationally connected people at SHU. Take pictures of your favorite people, places, foods, etc. Pictures of everyday people and places you will not see any more may be the most precious and best way to explain to others how life was abroad. In addition, we would like to see your photos! Use the #shuglobal for pictures to be features on the OGA website and enter a photo contest. Settle any financial issues. This includes checking in with SHU Financial Assistance to make sure you have done all you need to if you plan to receive financial aid your semester of return. Communicate with friends and family at home your feelings about returning home and what to expect as you go through cultural adjustment again upon return. Be conscious of making judgments and being overly critical of home. Confirm your move-out date in your host country accommodations. Confirm your housing upon return to SHU. Confirm your return flight. Check with the airline regarding weigh/size regulations and the costs for overweight or additional bags. Set aside time to say good-bye to your friends, your support on-site, your school and your city. These encounters may help you put into words what your experience has meant to you personally, academically, and professionally. The process and registration dates/times are the same as if they were still on campus. Be sure to check your SHU email regularly while abroad to ensure that you do not miss out on any important information about registration. Students should be mindful of the difference in time zones when registering for courses in WebAdvisor. The Office of Residential Life will reach out to you while abroad with information on registering for on campus housing. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> A perfect wall decoration for all those boys and girls dreaming about being firefighters when they grow up. This colorful set of 22 peel and stick fire truck wall decals looks incredibly realistic. The removable self-adhesive set of wall stickers comes with fire trucks, an ambulance, fire flames, a fire hydrant, fire extinguishers, hard hats, boots, even a Dalmatian! Wall stickers can be safely applied to and removed from any flat surface, such as mirrors, furniture, lockers, or lamps. </s>" <s> A perfect wall decoration for all those boys and girls dreaming about being firefighters when they grow up. This colorful set of 22 peel and stick fire truck wall decals looks incredibly realistic. The removable self-adhesive set of wall stickers comes with fire trucks, an ambulance, fire flames, a fire hydrant, fire extinguishers, hard hats, boots, even a Dalmatian! Wall stickers can be safely applied to and removed from any flat surface, such as mirrors, furniture, lockers, or lamps. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> When our American forefathers set out to construct the ideal society, deciding upon life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness as the worthiest of aspirations, they could not have imagined how many of us would be decidedly unhappy in our lives and situations, despite the relative economic security and material comforts we enjoy in the 21st century. Actually if the American experiment has taught us anything it’s that happiness cannot be bought.Economic advantages can only take you so far, and most psychological studies have shown that there is not much of a difference in levels of happiness between those who make $50,000 a year and $500,000 a year. The important psychological fact to take away is that a tipping point exists where people are able to comfortably look after their material needs and therefore have the time, energy, and perspective to contemplate their existential situations more deeply. They start to worry about questions that would not even come up for them if they were just fighting to survive day to day. In fact their meaning would be derived though getting their basic needs satisfied. What is the use in contemplating your place in the cosmos when that place is being threatened every moment in actuality? Most of us don’t have a working definition or a clear conception of what happiness is in the first place. We strive after a theoretical entity, an amorphous idea without clear boundaries. Does happiness mean an emotional sense of elation? If this is the case expecting the state all the time is an illusion and destined for failure because emotions are transitory. Their evolutionary value is to give us quick and decisive information so that we can respond appropriately without having to think through our options first. From a psychological point of view we find that happiness is a product of our engagement with life. Meaning has to originate from within, not be supplied from without to feel truly meaningful. When we blindly follow paths that our society or our families have laid out before us, we sense on a deep level that we are not following our own unique destinies. We turn into a version of a person someone else has imagined. External rewards that our society promises will provide happiness can never compete with the internal feeling of fulfillment, with the unshakable confidence that we are growing towards the people we know we are, not the people that others want or need us to be for their own purposes. The quest for happiness is really a quest for meaning. Becoming meditative about the direction our lives are going and whether we feel an internal sense of satisfaction and fulfillment is the first step in deciding on choices that move us closer to who we know we are. </s>" <s> When our American forefathers set out to construct the ideal society, deciding upon life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness as the worthiest of aspirations, they could not have imagined how many of us would be decidedly unhappy in our lives and situations, despite the relative economic security and material comforts we enjoy in the 21st century. Actually if the American experiment has taught us anything it’s that happiness cannot be bought.Economic advantages can only take you so far, and most psychological studies have shown that there is not much of a difference in levels of happiness between those who make $50,000 a year and $500,000 a year. The important psychological fact to take away is that a tipping point exists where people are able to comfortably look after their material needs and therefore have the time, energy, and perspective to contemplate their existential situations more deeply. They start to worry about questions that would not even come up for them if they were just fighting to survive day to day. In fact their meaning would be derived though getting their basic needs satisfied. What is the use in contemplating your place in the cosmos when that place is being threatened every moment in actuality? Most of us don’t have a working definition or a clear conception of what happiness is in the first place. We strive after a theoretical entity, an amorphous idea without clear boundaries. Does happiness mean an emotional sense of elation? If this is the case expecting the state all the time is an illusion and destined for failure because emotions are transitory. Their evolutionary value is to give us quick and decisive information so that we can respond appropriately without having to think through our options first. From a psychological point of view we find that happiness is a product of our engagement with life. Meaning has to originate from within, not be supplied from without to feel truly meaningful. When we blindly follow paths that our society or our families have laid out before us, we sense on a deep level that we are not following our own unique destinies. We turn into a version of a person someone else has imagined. External rewards that our society promises will provide happiness can never compete with the internal feeling of fulfillment, with the unshakable confidence that we are growing towards the people we know we are, not the people that others want or need us to be for their own purposes. The quest for happiness is really a quest for meaning. Becoming meditative about the direction our lives are going and whether we feel an internal sense of satisfaction and fulfillment is the first step in deciding on choices that move us closer to who we know we are. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> It's Impossible To Resist The Temptations Of The Circe Black Embroidered Pointed Pumps! White, Pink, Purple, And Green Floral Embroidery Embellishes These Classic Pointed Toe Pumps Composed Of Soft Vegan Suede. 4.25"" Wrapped Stiletto Heel. </s>" <s> It's Impossible To Resist The Temptations Of The Circe Black Embroidered Pointed Pumps! White, Pink, Purple, And Green Floral Embroidery Embellishes These Classic Pointed Toe Pumps Composed Of Soft Vegan Suede. "4.25""" Wrapped Stiletto Heel. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Producers are finding unexpected advantages to selling their products online, an e-commerce expert says. Speaking as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival, Monique Barwell, one of the developers behind Australia Post’s farmhousedirect.com.au, said the digital world was having unexpected benefits for shoppers, too. “Larger regional centres (like Warrnambool) that are a couple of hours away from a capital city, but might not have the choice and variety in retail, they are some of the largest online shoppers in the country,” she said. “The interesting thing is initially people thought the consumers were going to be based in the capital cities, but it’s a little bit more of a 50-50 spread.” For producers, like the more than 420 on the Farmhouse site, offering their products online is giving them customers across the country. “They are accessing markets that they would have never, ever tapped into before. It’s life-changing,” Ms Barwell said. The small business event helped share key consumer trends with south-west businesses, Ms Barwell said, especially when it came to online purchasing. “We were really digging down to see what kind of behaviours were happening online, how is this changing retail and how can local businesses in the Warrnambool area take advantage of that and jump on board,” she said. Ms Barwell said online marketplaces like Farmhouse offered a low-risk, low-cost way for businesses to get their products online before deciding to embark on their own website. The site offers more than 5000 products with everything from beef to camel milk to natural cleaning products from a variety of businesses, including many from Warrnambool and the south-west. “Just over 90 per cent of the sale goes to the producer directly,” Ms Barwell said. “They also enjoy some of the best postage rates in the country. “It’s game-changing for producers.” The Great South Coast Small Business Festival runs until August 28. Among the upcoming highlights include a presentation and question and answer session on the China Host Program, to be held at The Pavilion, Warrnambool, on August 24. The Unearth Your Business Potential session, focusing on turning business ideas into reality, will be held at the Lady Bay Resort on August 28. For more information on upcoming events visit www.business.warrnambool.vic.gov.au Have you signed up to The Standard's daily newsletter and breaking news emails? You can register below and make sure you are up to date with everything that's happening in south-west. Producers are finding unexpected advantages to selling their products online, an e-commerce expert says. Speaking as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival, Monique Barwell, one of the developers behind Australia Post’s farmhousedirect.com.au, said the digital world was having unexpected benefits for shoppers, too. Knowledge: E-commerce expert Monique Barwell, of Australia Post's Farmhouse initiative, shared words of wisdom as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival. “Larger regional centres (like Warrnambool) that are a couple of hours away from a capital city, but might not have the choice and variety in retail, they are some of the largest online shoppers in the country,” she said. For producers, like the more than 420 on the Farmhouse site, offering their products online is giving them customers across the country. “They are accessing markets that they would have never, ever tapped into before. It’s life-changing,” Ms Barwell said. The small business event helped share key consumer trends with south-west businesses, Ms Barwell said, especially when it came to online purchasing. “We were really digging down to see what kind of behaviours were happening online, how is this changing retail and how can local businesses in the Warrnambool area take advantage of that and jump on board,” she said. Ms Barwell said online marketplaces like Farmhouse offered a low-risk, low-cost way for businesses to get their products online before deciding to embark on their own website. The site offers more than 5000 products with everything from beef to camel milk to natural cleaning products from a variety of businesses, including many from Warrnambool and the south-west. “Just over 90 per cent of the sale goes to the producer directly,” Ms Barwell said. “They also enjoy some of the best postage rates in the country. The Great South Coast Small Business Festival runs until August 28. Farmhouse's Monique Barwell (third from left) talks about online business with Jockey Wheel Buddy's Michelle Row, Linda Close from City Central Motel and Apartments, and Lana Campbell from Lana's Garden. Among the upcoming highlights include a presentation and question and answer session on the China Host Program, to be held at The Pavilion, Warrnambool, on August 24. The Unearth Your Business Potential session, focusing on turning business ideas into reality, will be held at the Lady Bay Resort on August 28. </s>" <s> Producers are finding unexpected advantages to selling their products online, an e-commerce expert says. Speaking as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival, Monique Barwell, one of the developers behind Australia Post’s farmhousedirect.com.au, said the digital world was having unexpected benefits for shoppers, too. “Larger regional centres (like Warrnambool) that are a couple of hours away from a capital city, but might not have the choice and variety in retail, they are some of the largest online shoppers in the country,” she said. “The interesting thing is initially people thought the consumers were going to be based in the capital cities, but it’s a little bit more of a 50-50 spread.” For producers, like the more than 420 on the Farmhouse site, offering their products online is giving them customers across the country. “They are accessing markets that they would have never, ever tapped into before. It’s life-changing,” Ms Barwell said. The small business event helped share key consumer trends with south-west businesses, Ms Barwell said, especially when it came to online purchasing. “We were really digging down to see what kind of behaviours were happening online, how is this changing retail and how can local businesses in the Warrnambool area take advantage of that and jump on board,” she said. Ms Barwell said online marketplaces like Farmhouse offered a low-risk, low-cost way for businesses to get their products online before deciding to embark on their own website. The site offers more than 5000 products with everything from beef to camel milk to natural cleaning products from a variety of businesses, including many from Warrnambool and the south-west. “Just over 90 per cent of the sale goes to the producer directly,” Ms Barwell said. “They also enjoy some of the best postage rates in the country. “It’s game-changing for producers.” The Great South Coast Small Business Festival runs until August 28. Among the upcoming highlights include a presentation and question and answer session on the China Host Program, to be held at The Pavilion, Warrnambool, on August 24. The Unearth Your Business Potential session, focusing on turning business ideas into reality, will be held at the Lady Bay Resort on August 28. For more information on upcoming events visit www.business.warrnambool.vic.gov.au Have you signed up to The Standard's daily newsletter and breaking news emails? You can register below and make sure you are up to date with everything that's happening in south-west. Producers are finding unexpected advantages to selling their products online, an e-commerce expert says. Speaking as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival, Monique Barwell, one of the developers behind Australia Post’s farmhousedirect.com.au, said the digital world was having unexpected benefits for shoppers, too. Knowledge: E-commerce expert Monique Barwell, of Australia Post's Farmhouse initiative, shared words of wisdom as part of the Great South Coast Small Business Festival. “Larger regional centres (like Warrnambool) that are a couple of hours away from a capital city, but might not have the choice and variety in retail, they are some of the largest online shoppers in the country,” she said. For producers, like the more than 420 on the Farmhouse site, offering their products online is giving them customers across the country. “They are accessing markets that they would have never, ever tapped into before. It’s life-changing,” Ms Barwell said. The small business event helped share key consumer trends with south-west businesses, Ms Barwell said, especially when it came to online purchasing. “We were really digging down to see what kind of behaviours were happening online, how is this changing retail and how can local businesses in the Warrnambool area take advantage of that and jump on board,” she said. Ms Barwell said online marketplaces like Farmhouse offered a low-risk, low-cost way for businesses to get their products online before deciding to embark on their own website. The site offers more than 5000 products with everything from beef to camel milk to natural cleaning products from a variety of businesses, including many from Warrnambool and the south-west. “Just over 90 per cent of the sale goes to the producer directly,” Ms Barwell said. “They also enjoy some of the best postage rates in the country. The Great South Coast Small Business Festival runs until August 28. Farmhouse's Monique Barwell (third from left) talks about online business with Jockey Wheel Buddy's Michelle Row, Linda Close from City Central Motel and Apartments, and Lana Campbell from Lana's Garden. Among the upcoming highlights include a presentation and question and answer session on the China Host Program, to be held at The Pavilion, Warrnambool, on August 24. The Unearth Your Business Potential session, focusing on turning business ideas into reality, will be held at the Lady Bay Resort on August 28. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Fall Football Tree Kids Craft - Crafty Mama in ME! My husband LOVES football. Nothing comes between him and football during the months of September through February! If football is being played, it is on our TV! I decided that this year we would embrace his love and make a fun craft! Football season is also Fall, right? So it only made sense to make a fall craft but incorporate footballs. That is where this Fall Football Tree Craft was inspired by. My two favorite seasons, Fall & Football! Colorful leaves, crisp weather, a pig skin or two, pumpkin decor, the sounds of whistle and ‘hike, hike, hike’! We started by cutting leaf shapes out of the orange, yellow, and brown construction paper. Next, on the brown ‘leaves’ we drew football laces with a white marker. I cut a tree trunk out of the remaining brown construction paper. Next my daughter glued the tree trunk onto the white construction paper. We arranged the leaves and footballs and glued them into place. For some of the leaves we only put glue on one corner so that it looks like it could be flapping on the other side. Are you part of a football family like us? What football traditions do you and your family have? </s>" <s> Fall Football Tree Kids Craft - Crafty Mama in ME! My husband LOVES football. Nothing comes between him and football during the months of September through February! If football is being played, it is on our TV! I decided that this year we would embrace his love and make a fun craft! Football season is also Fall, right? So it only made sense to make a fall craft but incorporate footballs. That is where this Fall Football Tree Craft was inspired by. My two favorite seasons, Fall & Football! Colorful leaves, crisp weather, a pig skin or two, pumpkin decor, the sounds of whistle and ‘hike, hike, hike’! We started by cutting leaf shapes out of the orange, yellow, and brown construction paper. Next, on the brown ‘leaves’ we drew football laces with a white marker. I cut a tree trunk out of the remaining brown construction paper. Next my daughter glued the tree trunk onto the white construction paper. We arranged the leaves and footballs and glued them into place. For some of the leaves we only put glue on one corner so that it looks like it could be flapping on the other side. Are you part of a football family like us? What football traditions do you and your family have? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> YEREVAN (RFE/RL)–Opposition leader Levon Ter-Petrosian on Friday called a “temporary” halt to his year-long campaign of anti-government demonstrations, citing the need to stave off greater Armenian concessions on Nagorno-Karabakh which he said are sought by the West. In a trademark long speech at what may have been his last rally in Yerevan this year, Ter-Petrosian launched his most blistering attack yet on the United States and other Western powers, saying that they are turning a blind eye to government “repressions” in Armenia in their quest for a “unilateral” resolution of the Karabakh conflict. He also accused President Serzh Sarkisian of radically re-orienting Armenian foreign policy and assisting in what he described as Western efforts to drive Russia out of the region. “The pause will not be long-lasting because a denouement in the Karabakh conflict is a matter of just two or three months,” Ter-Petrosian told thousands of supporters who again rallied in central Yerevan to hear him announce the latest opposition strategy of confronting the Sarkisian administration. “There is a danger that the opposition may become a tool in the hands of foreign forces against its will,” he said. “To fall into this trap would be an unforgivable delusion and a political short-sightedness on our part. Therefore, being sincerely in favor of a quick settlement of the Karabakh conflict and Turkish-Armenian relations, we do not want to prevent the Armenian authorities from solving those issues,” he added. “By turning his back on Russia and fully relying on the West and the United States of Armenia and its ally Turkey in particular, Serzh Sarkisian is effectively entrusting the latter with the pivotal issue in Armenia’s foreign policy: a unilateral settlement of the Karabakh conflict,” Ter-Petrosian claimed. “Such a conclusion stems from the fact that the West is clearly trying to drive Russia out of the Karabakh peace process.” Russia’s ouster from the process would be tantamount to a “national disaster” for Armenia, he said. Ter-Petrosian, who had served as Armenia’s first president from 1991-1998, did not mention unusually optimistic statemen’s made by senior Russian officials of late about prospects for a resolution of the Armenian-Azerbaijani. Russia has long co-chaired the OSCE Minsk Group together with France and the U.S. Washington and Moscow have said they will continue to work together in trying to broker a Karabakh peace deal despite a sharp deterioration of U.S.-Russian relations that followed the recent war in Georgia. The mediating powers are expected to step up in the coming weeks their joint efforts to get the conflicting parties to accept a framework peace accord that was put forward by them in November last year. The document calls for a gradual resolution of the conflict that would supposedly end in a referendum of self-determination in Karabakh. Ter-Petrosian listed the basic principles of a Karabakh settlement proposed by the Minsk Group co-chairs but did not specify whether he thinks Yerevan should go along with them. He said only that the Armenian side should have the mediators clarify when proposed referendum would take place and who would administer it. Ter-Petrosian had earlier described those principles as largely acceptable and stressed the fact that they are similar to a peace plan which he had strongly advocated while in power. With his 45-minute speech Ter-Petrosian ended speculation about a renewed opposition campaign of daily street protests aimed at forcing Sarkisian to step down and call fresh national elections. Ter-Petrosian and his opposition coalition sought to topple the government with such protests in the wake of the disputed presidential ballot. The Armenian authorities used lethal force and arrested scores of opposition members to suppress the campaign. Throughout last summer Ter-Petrosian’s Armenian National Congress told supporters to get ready for renewed “decisive” actions against the government in September. But the Congress refrained from making another push for power last month amid the continuing imprisonment of more than 70 opposition leaders and supporters arrested following the February 19 election and the ensuing unrest. </s>" <s> YEREVAN (RFE/RL)–Opposition leader Levon Ter-Petrosian on Friday called a “temporary” halt to his year-long campaign of anti-government demonstrations, citing the need to stave off greater Armenian concessions on Nagorno-Karabakh which he said are sought by the West. In a trademark long speech at what may have been his last rally in Yerevan this year, Ter-Petrosian launched his most blistering attack yet on the United States and other Western powers, saying that they are turning a blind eye to government “repressions” in Armenia in their quest for a “unilateral” resolution of the Karabakh conflict. He also accused President Serzh Sarkisian of radically re-orienting Armenian foreign policy and assisting in what he described as Western efforts to drive Russia out of the region. “The pause will not be long-lasting because a denouement in the Karabakh conflict is a matter of just two or three months,” Ter-Petrosian told thousands of supporters who again rallied in central Yerevan to hear him announce the latest opposition strategy of confronting the Sarkisian administration. “There is a danger that the opposition may become a tool in the hands of foreign forces against its will,” he said. “To fall into this trap would be an unforgivable delusion and a political short-sightedness on our part. Therefore, being sincerely in favor of a quick settlement of the Karabakh conflict and Turkish-Armenian relations, we do not want to prevent the Armenian authorities from solving those issues,” he added. “By turning his back on Russia and fully relying on the West and the United States of Armenia and its ally Turkey in particular, Serzh Sarkisian is effectively entrusting the latter with the pivotal issue in Armenia’s foreign policy: a unilateral settlement of the Karabakh conflict,” Ter-Petrosian claimed. “Such a conclusion stems from the fact that the West is clearly trying to drive Russia out of the Karabakh peace process.” Russia’s ouster from the process would be tantamount to a “national disaster” for Armenia, he said. Ter-Petrosian, who had served as Armenia’s first president from 1991-1998, did not mention unusually optimistic statemen’s made by senior Russian officials of late about prospects for a resolution of the Armenian-Azerbaijani. Russia has long co-chaired the OSCE Minsk Group together with France and the U.S. Washington and Moscow have said they will continue to work together in trying to broker a Karabakh peace deal despite a sharp deterioration of U.S.-Russian relations that followed the recent war in Georgia. The mediating powers are expected to step up in the coming weeks their joint efforts to get the conflicting parties to accept a framework peace accord that was put forward by them in November last year. The document calls for a gradual resolution of the conflict that would supposedly end in a referendum of self-determination in Karabakh. Ter-Petrosian listed the basic principles of a Karabakh settlement proposed by the Minsk Group co-chairs but did not specify whether he thinks Yerevan should go along with them. He said only that the Armenian side should have the mediators clarify when proposed referendum would take place and who would administer it. Ter-Petrosian had earlier described those principles as largely acceptable and stressed the fact that they are similar to a peace plan which he had strongly advocated while in power. With his 45-minute speech Ter-Petrosian ended speculation about a renewed opposition campaign of daily street protests aimed at forcing Sarkisian to step down and call fresh national elections. Ter-Petrosian and his opposition coalition sought to topple the government with such protests in the wake of the disputed presidential ballot. The Armenian authorities used lethal force and arrested scores of opposition members to suppress the campaign. Throughout last summer Ter-Petrosian’s Armenian National Congress told supporters to get ready for renewed “decisive” actions against the government in September. But the Congress refrained from making another push for power last month amid the continuing imprisonment of more than 70 opposition leaders and supporters arrested following the February 19 election and the ensuing unrest. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Abstract: Kavousi I is the initial volume of the Kavousi Excavation Series, which presents the final report of the Kavousi Project, a program of archaeological investigation near the modern village of Kavousi in eastern Crete. Subsequent volumes will publish the results of the 1987–1992 excavations at the Vronda and Kastro sites in the Siteia Mountains overlooking Kavousi and of the cleaning and new study of the excavations of Harriet Boyd in 1900 and 1901. This volume, Kavousi I: The Archaeological Survey of the Kavousi Region, provides a comprehensive look at the topography of the area, its natural resources, and the way in which the local people interacted with them over time, as shown in the changing pattern of settlement. It sets the stage for the report on the excavations and provides an introduction to the local soils and to the pottery classification used by the excavators. </s>" <s> Abstract: Kavousi I is the initial volume of the Kavousi Excavation Series, which presents the final report of the Kavousi Project, a program of archaeological investigation near the modern village of Kavousi in eastern Crete. Subsequent volumes will publish the results of the 1987–1992 excavations at the Vronda and Kastro sites in the Siteia Mountains overlooking Kavousi and of the cleaning and new study of the excavations of Harriet Boyd in 1900 and 1901. This volume, Kavousi I: The Archaeological Survey of the Kavousi Region, provides a comprehensive look at the topography of the area, its natural resources, and the way in which the local people interacted with them over time, as shown in the changing pattern of settlement. It sets the stage for the report on the excavations and provides an introduction to the local soils and to the pottery classification used by the excavators. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> WantDo.com is an online store that sells outdoor clothes and gears. They offer jackets, coats, vests, shorts, hoodies, sweaters and accessories for skiing, camping, hiking, climbing, traveling and other. Apply this coupon code at WantDo.com and get $10 OFF on all orders over $99. Use this WantDo coupon code and save $10 on any order. By applying this coupon code at WantDo.com you can get extra 10% OFF on your order. With this WantDo offer you can enjoy free shipping on all orders. </s>" <s> WantDo.com is an online store that sells outdoor clothes and gears. They offer jackets, coats, vests, shorts, hoodies, sweaters and accessories for skiing, camping, hiking, climbing, traveling and other. Apply this coupon code at WantDo.com and get $10 OFF on all orders over $99. Use this WantDo coupon code and save $10 on any order. By applying this coupon code at WantDo.com you can get extra 10% OFF on your order. With this WantDo offer you can enjoy free shipping on all orders. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> A staple food in many traditional Italian dishes, Rotini is a must-have addition to any kitchen. One of the most popular and kid-friendly shapes of pasta, rotini means “twists” in Italian, referring to the screw-like shape of the noodles. Rotini is characterized by medium-length, spiral-shaped noodles and is a great complement to almost any sauce. The twisted shape allows the pasta to hold extra sauce and other bits of ingredients to ensure maximum flavor in every bite. Broccolini is a wonderful green vegetable, very much like broccoli, but with smaller more delicate florets and thin stalks. I did not know it is a natural hybrid of broccoli and gai lan, both cultivar groups of Brassica oleracea or that it is fairly new, developed only 8 years ago. Who knew? I choose Broccolini, most of the time favoring the rich green flowers and thin stems. The smaller size allows it the cook quickly, just until crisp tender–a little more delicate than standard brocolli. It is wonderful steamed until crisp tender and goes well with this pasta dish. I also enjoy marinating brocollini with garlic, soy and olive oil which makes a fresh side salad. This rotini dish came with a challenge–to recreate a well-loved dish from a local restuarant, without the recipe. I accepted the challenge and brought the dish along on Christmas Day gathering. Now, this was no great feat, the ingredients read as a simple list. What I had to guess on was the technique of sauting the cooked pasta and then baking. I was happy to read that this dish is meant to take on a crispy and chewy bite to the pasta. I was a bit worried at first. Here’s how to achieve these results. For the easy bake pasta dish, cooked rotini pasta is tossed with garlic, oil and broccolini and quickly pan sauted, infusing the pasta with garlic oil also giving the pasta a crispy edge. After this quick cook, the pasta mixture is placed in the baking dish, topped with grated mozzarella cheese and baked until golden and bubbly. The cheesy goodness goes perfectly with a side of marinara sauce. I’m adding this to the Bijouxs recipe collection, an Easy Bake Rotoni & Broccolini little jewel, now an anytime favorite. Wishing you the best in 2018 and thank you for supporting Bijouxs. This dish looks very yummy. I think I’ll try it out on my grandsons soon. They love pasta and broccoli so it should be a hit ! </s>" <s> A staple food in many traditional Italian dishes, Rotini is a must-have addition to any kitchen. One of the most popular and kid-friendly shapes of pasta, rotini means “twists” in Italian, referring to the screw-like shape of the noodles. Rotini is characterized by medium-length, spiral-shaped noodles and is a great complement to almost any sauce. The twisted shape allows the pasta to hold extra sauce and other bits of ingredients to ensure maximum flavor in every bite. Broccolini is a wonderful green vegetable, very much like broccoli, but with smaller more delicate florets and thin stalks. I did not know it is a natural hybrid of broccoli and gai lan, both cultivar groups of Brassica oleracea or that it is fairly new, developed only 8 years ago. Who knew? I choose Broccolini, most of the time favoring the rich green flowers and thin stems. The smaller size allows it the cook quickly, just until crisp tender–a little more delicate than standard brocolli. It is wonderful steamed until crisp tender and goes well with this pasta dish. I also enjoy marinating brocollini with garlic, soy and olive oil which makes a fresh side salad. This rotini dish came with a challenge–to recreate a well-loved dish from a local restuarant, without the recipe. I accepted the challenge and brought the dish along on Christmas Day gathering. Now, this was no great feat, the ingredients read as a simple list. What I had to guess on was the technique of sauting the cooked pasta and then baking. I was happy to read that this dish is meant to take on a crispy and chewy bite to the pasta. I was a bit worried at first. Here’s how to achieve these results. For the easy bake pasta dish, cooked rotini pasta is tossed with garlic, oil and broccolini and quickly pan sauted, infusing the pasta with garlic oil also giving the pasta a crispy edge. After this quick cook, the pasta mixture is placed in the baking dish, topped with grated mozzarella cheese and baked until golden and bubbly. The cheesy goodness goes perfectly with a side of marinara sauce. I’m adding this to the Bijouxs recipe collection, an Easy Bake Rotoni & Broccolini little jewel, now an anytime favorite. Wishing you the best in 2018 and thank you for supporting Bijouxs. This dish looks very yummy. I think I’ll try it out on my grandsons soon. They love pasta and broccoli so it should be a hit ! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Top down, Springsteen on and nothing but the open road. Here at IDEAL we’re road trip junkies. Nothing gets our juices flowing more than the thought of fun-filled adventures on a summer road trip and with winter now in the rear view mirror, we’re planning our next one. However, the summer road trip demands more preparation than just throwing your things in a car and hitting the road. When the mercury ramps up, driving during the warm summer months presents its own unique set of challenges. With this in mind, here are 5 IDEAL pieces of travel advice for your next summer road trip. Nothing will put a damper on your road trip like breaking down. So first things first, get your car in shape for the rigors of travel. If your car hasn’t been serviced in a while, then get one done well in advance. You can book in a service or MOT online at sites like Lookers.co.uk. If all is up to date, it’s still worth going to your local garage and getting an experienced mechanic to inspect all the belts and hoses. Tyre and fluid levels need to checked, as do the windscreen wiper blades since they may have become worn over the winter. On hot days, some car batteries fail, especially if they are older, so it may be wise to replace it before setting off on your adventure. It’s essential to monitor your vehicle’s tyre pressure and fluid levels not only before, but also during your trip too. Low inflation can reduce fuel economy, costing you more in petrol (money better spent on ice cream and ice cold beer) and contribute to blow out related accidents. The heat can affect your tyre pressure, so every time you stop for petrol, check your tyres too. In warm weather, most engine oil tends to thin out, which may prevent it from properly lubricating the engine during your trip. To avoid any problems the oil should be checked and if necessary changed before setting off on a long hot journey. And don’t forget to replace the coolant, which without (on hot sunny days particularly) can cause the car to overheat. Other items that should be checked include brake fluid levels and windscreen washer fluid. A well-stocked emergency travel kit should be kept in the boot at all times. The kit should include a flashlight, jumper cables, basic tools, flares and a blanket, along with non-perishable food like dried fruit and emergency water. Even though you’ll probably have your journey mapped out on your GPS system and your emergency numbers on your iphone, it’s always a good idea to carry an old fashioned paper map and any other information you may need, like your roadside assistance numbers, written down on paper in your glove compartment. Technology sometimes fails, batteries run out and screens break. Have a back up. While an emergency travel kit is a must, don’t bring too many unnecessary items. There’s limited space in that car and overloading the vehicle can cause issues with tyre pressure, fuel economy and safety. Also, travelling in a cram-packed car with no leg room is horrible and if items are piled too high, they can block the driver’s vision. So keep your luggage to a minimum and only pack the things your really need. Remember, you can always stop at a launderette and wash your clothes along the way. If the journey is long without many stops, it’s sensible to bring a cooler with light snacks and refreshments which you can replenish with additional items along the way. Also, load your car sensibly by keeping the items you need the most handy. This way, you won’t have to rummage around and need to unpack and repack constantly en route. As much as any summer road trip needs the sun, sometimes the scorching temperatures can make your road trip unbearable. Opening your car door in the summer can be like opening an oven, so keep your car cool and comfortable by always trying to park in the shade and putting up a sunshade or window visor every time you exit the car. Driving in the heat can get pretty unpleasant so make sure your air conditioning works or crack a window open. The low sun in the summer can also cause bad visibility, so make sure you have a pair of sunglasses handy. Not only can the sun cause you to feel sticky and hot, make you irritable and send tempers through the roof, it can also make you tired. Driving while fatigued is a major cause of accidents on motorways. To avoid temper tantrums and tiredness, drivers should exert caution and be prepared to stop and take short naps. If you’re going to be a towing a boat, caravan or trailer this summer then there are a whole set of summer road trip towing tips you need to know. Some involve simply exercising common sense, such as driving more slowly than you would under normal circumstances. Sudden lane changes, sharp braking and rapid deceleration that may put pressure on the engine, should also be avoided. Others are more complicated like knowing the towing regulations and making sure your towing equipment meets certain safety regulations. There are some pretty handy summer towing tip articles online. </s>" <s> Top down, Springsteen on and nothing but the open road. Here at IDEAL we’re road trip junkies. Nothing gets our juices flowing more than the thought of fun-filled adventures on a summer road trip and with winter now in the rear view mirror, we’re planning our next one. However, the summer road trip demands more preparation than just throwing your things in a car and hitting the road. When the mercury ramps up, driving during the warm summer months presents its own unique set of challenges. With this in mind, here are 5 IDEAL pieces of travel advice for your next summer road trip. Nothing will put a damper on your road trip like breaking down. So first things first, get your car in shape for the rigors of travel. If your car hasn’t been serviced in a while, then get one done well in advance. You can book in a service or MOT online at sites like Lookers.co.uk. If all is up to date, it’s still worth going to your local garage and getting an experienced mechanic to inspect all the belts and hoses. Tyre and fluid levels need to checked, as do the windscreen wiper blades since they may have become worn over the winter. On hot days, some car batteries fail, especially if they are older, so it may be wise to replace it before setting off on your adventure. It’s essential to monitor your vehicle’s tyre pressure and fluid levels not only before, but also during your trip too. Low inflation can reduce fuel economy, costing you more in petrol (money better spent on ice cream and ice cold beer) and contribute to blow out related accidents. The heat can affect your tyre pressure, so every time you stop for petrol, check your tyres too. In warm weather, most engine oil tends to thin out, which may prevent it from properly lubricating the engine during your trip. To avoid any problems the oil should be checked and if necessary changed before setting off on a long hot journey. And don’t forget to replace the coolant, which without (on hot sunny days particularly) can cause the car to overheat. Other items that should be checked include brake fluid levels and windscreen washer fluid. A well-stocked emergency travel kit should be kept in the boot at all times. The kit should include a flashlight, jumper cables, basic tools, flares and a blanket, along with non-perishable food like dried fruit and emergency water. Even though you’ll probably have your journey mapped out on your GPS system and your emergency numbers on your iphone, it’s always a good idea to carry an old fashioned paper map and any other information you may need, like your roadside assistance numbers, written down on paper in your glove compartment. Technology sometimes fails, batteries run out and screens break. Have a back up. While an emergency travel kit is a must, don’t bring too many unnecessary items. There’s limited space in that car and overloading the vehicle can cause issues with tyre pressure, fuel economy and safety. Also, travelling in a cram-packed car with no leg room is horrible and if items are piled too high, they can block the driver’s vision. So keep your luggage to a minimum and only pack the things your really need. Remember, you can always stop at a launderette and wash your clothes along the way. If the journey is long without many stops, it’s sensible to bring a cooler with light snacks and refreshments which you can replenish with additional items along the way. Also, load your car sensibly by keeping the items you need the most handy. This way, you won’t have to rummage around and need to unpack and repack constantly en route. As much as any summer road trip needs the sun, sometimes the scorching temperatures can make your road trip unbearable. Opening your car door in the summer can be like opening an oven, so keep your car cool and comfortable by always trying to park in the shade and putting up a sunshade or window visor every time you exit the car. Driving in the heat can get pretty unpleasant so make sure your air conditioning works or crack a window open. The low sun in the summer can also cause bad visibility, so make sure you have a pair of sunglasses handy. Not only can the sun cause you to feel sticky and hot, make you irritable and send tempers through the roof, it can also make you tired. Driving while fatigued is a major cause of accidents on motorways. To avoid temper tantrums and tiredness, drivers should exert caution and be prepared to stop and take short naps. If you’re going to be a towing a boat, caravan or trailer this summer then there are a whole set of summer road trip towing tips you need to know. Some involve simply exercising common sense, such as driving more slowly than you would under normal circumstances. Sudden lane changes, sharp braking and rapid deceleration that may put pressure on the engine, should also be avoided. Others are more complicated like knowing the towing regulations and making sure your towing equipment meets certain safety regulations. There are some pretty handy summer towing tip articles online. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> You'll be able to rely on Raccoon Removal Crew to provide the most suitable solutions regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. You expect the most sophisticated solutions in the field, and our workforce of experienced experts will supply this. We make sure you get the best support, the best value, and the finest quality supplies. Contact us today at 800-864-8343 and we will be able to investigate the choices, reply to the questions you have, and set up a consultation to begin setting up your project. Economizing is an integral part of your process. You will still require top standard services on Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV, and you're able to rely on us to conserve your funds while continually providing the top quality work. Our endeavors to save a little money will never sacrifice the quality of our results. We utilize the finest materials and practices to ensure that any project is going to withstand the test of time, and help you save money with practices that don't modify the superior quality for your job. This will be attainable given that we know how to save you time and resources on supplies and labor. Consider Raccoon Removal Crew when you'd like the very best support at the cheapest rate. You'll be able to reach our company at 800-864-8343 to start. You should be knowledgeable regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. You don't want to go in blindly, and you will need to understand what to prepare for. We take the unexpected situations from the situation by supplying reliable and thorough information. Step one will be to call at 800-864-8343 to set up your work. We will address all of your questions and arrange your first meeting. Our team is going to arrive at the appointed time with the needed supplies, and can work with you throughout the job. You have a lot of reasons to decide on Raccoon Removal Crew regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. We have the best customer care scores, the best equipment, and the most useful and successful cash saving practices. We have the expertise that you need to meet all of your goals. Whenever you need Raccoon Removal in Imlay, call Raccoon Removal Crew by dialing 800-864-8343, and we will be more than happy to help. </s>" <s> You'll be able to rely on Raccoon Removal Crew to provide the most suitable solutions regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. You expect the most sophisticated solutions in the field, and our workforce of experienced experts will supply this. We make sure you get the best support, the best value, and the finest quality supplies. Contact us today at 800-864-8343 and we will be able to investigate the choices, reply to the questions you have, and set up a consultation to begin setting up your project. Economizing is an integral part of your process. You will still require top standard services on Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV, and you're able to rely on us to conserve your funds while continually providing the top quality work. Our endeavors to save a little money will never sacrifice the quality of our results. We utilize the finest materials and practices to ensure that any project is going to withstand the test of time, and help you save money with practices that don't modify the superior quality for your job. This will be attainable given that we know how to save you time and resources on supplies and labor. Consider Raccoon Removal Crew when you'd like the very best support at the cheapest rate. You'll be able to reach our company at 800-864-8343 to start. You should be knowledgeable regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. You don't want to go in blindly, and you will need to understand what to prepare for. We take the unexpected situations from the situation by supplying reliable and thorough information. Step one will be to call at 800-864-8343 to set up your work. We will address all of your questions and arrange your first meeting. Our team is going to arrive at the appointed time with the needed supplies, and can work with you throughout the job. You have a lot of reasons to decide on Raccoon Removal Crew regarding Raccoon Removal in Imlay, NV. We have the best customer care scores, the best equipment, and the most useful and successful cash saving practices. We have the expertise that you need to meet all of your goals. Whenever you need Raccoon Removal in Imlay, call Raccoon Removal Crew by dialing 800-864-8343, and we will be more than happy to help. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> This school is rated below average in school quality compared to other schools in Wisconsin. Students here perform below average on state tests, ... More are making about average year-over-year academic improvement, and this school has below average results in how well it’s serving disadvantaged students. Large disparities in absenteeism rates exist at this school, which is concerning. </s>" <s> This school is rated below average in school quality compared to other schools in Wisconsin. Students here perform below average on state tests, ... More are making about average year-over-year academic improvement, and this school has below average results in how well it’s serving disadvantaged students. Large disparities in absenteeism rates exist at this school, which is concerning. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Forty-eight years ago today, on March 18, 1971, Lynn Anderson's Rose Garden album landed at the top of the charts -- and stayed there for a staggering 14 weeks. Rose Garden's success was propelled in part by its title track, which was a No. 1 hit. However, the song, written by Joe South, was intended for a man. “It was popular because it touched on emotions,” Anderson told the Associated Press. “It was perfectly timed. It was out just as we came out of the Vietnam years, and a lot of people were trying to recover. “This song stated that you can make something out of nothing,” she continued. “You take it and go ahead. It fit me well ..."" Anderson won Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for ""(I Never Promised You a) Rose Garden,"" at the Grammy Awards. The successful album and song also helped her win Female Vocalist of the Year at the CMA Awards and Top Female Vocalist at the ACM Awards. ""Rose Garden"" was the only single that Anderson released from her Rose Garden project, but other songs on the album include ""It's Only Make Believe"" by Conway Twitty and Jack Nance, ""Another Lonely Night"" by Larry Butler and ""For the Good Times"" and ""Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down,"" both by Kris Kristofferson. Rose Garden, which was certified platinum, for sales of one million units, was also a No. 1 album on the pop charts. The disc held the record for the longest run at No. 1 for 24 years, until Shania Twain broke the record with her 1995 project The Woman in Me. Anderson, who passed away in 2015, is remembered largely for the success of Rose Garden, which was her only platinum-selling album. Her career spanned more than 50 years. Rose Garden is available for download on iTunes. </s>" <s> Forty-eight years ago today, on March 18, 1971, Lynn Anderson's Rose Garden album landed at the top of the charts -- and stayed there for a staggering 14 weeks. Rose Garden's success was propelled in part by its title track, which was a No. 1 hit. However, the song, written by Joe South, was intended for a man. “It was popular because it touched on emotions,” Anderson told the Associated Press. “It was perfectly timed. It was out just as we came out of the Vietnam years, and a lot of people were trying to recover. “This song stated that you can make something out of nothing,” she continued. “You take it and go ahead. It fit me well "...""" Anderson won Best Female Country Vocal Performance, for """(I" Never Promised You a) Rose "Garden,""" at the Grammy Awards. The successful album and song also helped her win Female Vocalist of the Year at the CMA Awards and Top Female Vocalist at the ACM Awards. """Rose" "Garden""" was the only single that Anderson released from her Rose Garden project, but other songs on the album include """It's" Only Make "Believe""" by Conway Twitty and Jack Nance, """Another" Lonely "Night""" by Larry Butler and """For" the Good "Times""" and """Sunday" Mornin' Comin' "Down,""" both by Kris Kristofferson. Rose Garden, which was certified platinum, for sales of one million units, was also a No. 1 album on the pop charts. The disc held the record for the longest run at No. 1 for 24 years, until Shania Twain broke the record with her 1995 project The Woman in Me. Anderson, who passed away in 2015, is remembered largely for the success of Rose Garden, which was her only platinum-selling album. Her career spanned more than 50 years. Rose Garden is available for download on iTunes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> In this beautifully illustrated journey without words, a glum little pig named Vincent is given a mysterious gift that fills his heart with something he's never possessed: Love. But all too soon Vincent's new found love is tested when he chances upon a sad little character in need. Vincent is forced to make a difficult decision, but one that leads to some very unexpected results. </s>" <s> In this beautifully illustrated journey without words, a glum little pig named Vincent is given a mysterious gift that fills his heart with something he's never possessed: Love. But all too soon Vincent's new found love is tested when he chances upon a sad little character in need. Vincent is forced to make a difficult decision, but one that leads to some very unexpected results. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> From 1996 until around 1999, you couldn't escape the Beanie Baby. Like Cabbage Patch Kids and troll dolls of decades past, Ty Warner's Beanie Babies became a nationwide toy-collecting craze. The little plush-bodied, bean-filled animals came in dozens of different styles and colors and had special tags that included a poetic description of the character and its name. To feed the frenzy, Ty limited the release of certain Beanies and therefore sent the price of characters such as the ""Blue Elephant"" into the thousands. The fad died out before the millennium, but Beanie Babies still grace cubicles around the world. </s>" <s> From 1996 until around 1999, you couldn't escape the Beanie Baby. Like Cabbage Patch Kids and troll dolls of decades past, Ty Warner's Beanie Babies became a nationwide toy-collecting craze. The little plush-bodied, bean-filled animals came in dozens of different styles and colors and had special tags that included a poetic description of the character and its name. To feed the frenzy, Ty limited the release of certain Beanies and therefore sent the price of characters such as the """Blue" "Elephant""" into the thousands. The fad died out before the millennium, but Beanie Babies still grace cubicles around the world. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Are you looking for serenity? Welcome to your Mid-Century home in Baldwin Hills located in a cul de sac. Enter into the foyer featuring a rich slate floor & adjacent powder bath. This lovely 3 BR, 3 BA home features a master suite, custom closets & upgraded en suite, 2 spacious bedrooms are joined by an upgraded Jack & Jill bath. Semi open floor plan is a wonderful blend of sophistication & comfort - perfect for today's living. Double-sided stone fireplace separate the LR & FR features original hardwoods throughout w/natural light from the wall of glass sliders. Upgraded kitchen comes fully loaded w/quartz countertops, appliances, cabinetry w/ample storage & recessed lighting. Kitchen segues into a sunny breakfast area that overlooks the backyard. The laundry room comes equipped w/washer/dryer & pantry. Step outside & relax on the upgraded paver patio/outdoor space w/dramatic canyon & tree top views. Direct access entry from the attached 2 car garage, has home security system & HVAC. </s>" <s> Are you looking for serenity? Welcome to your Mid-Century home in Baldwin Hills located in a cul de sac. Enter into the foyer featuring a rich slate floor & adjacent powder bath. This lovely 3 BR, 3 BA home features a master suite, custom closets & upgraded en suite, 2 spacious bedrooms are joined by an upgraded Jack & Jill bath. Semi open floor plan is a wonderful blend of sophistication & comfort - perfect for today's living. Double-sided stone fireplace separate the LR & FR features original hardwoods throughout w/natural light from the wall of glass sliders. Upgraded kitchen comes fully loaded w/quartz countertops, appliances, cabinetry w/ample storage & recessed lighting. Kitchen segues into a sunny breakfast area that overlooks the backyard. The laundry room comes equipped w/washer/dryer & pantry. Step outside & relax on the upgraded paver patio/outdoor space w/dramatic canyon & tree top views. Direct access entry from the attached 2 car garage, has home security system & HVAC. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> THIS 3 BEDROOM, 3 BATH HOME IN THE FAMILY FRIENDLY PATRIOTS CROSSING SUBDIVISION OFFERS THE DESIRABLE SPLIT BEDROOM FLOOR PLAN WITH VAULTED CEILING AND GAS FIREPLACE IN THE FAMILY ROOM. YOU WILL LOVE THE ADDITIONAL FINISHED BASEMENT! GREAT SPACE FOR ENTERTAINING WITH A LARGE LIVING ROOM WITH WET BAR, ENTERTAINMENT/EXERCISE ROOM, OFFICE AND A FULL BATH. NEW 18 X 14 CONCRETE PAD IN THE BACK THAT BACKS UP TO FIELDS. MAIN FLOOR LAUNDRY AND 2 CAR GARAGE MAKE THIS A PERFECT FAMILY HOME! CALL TO SCHEDULE YOUR PRIVATE SHOWING TODAY. </s>" <s> THIS 3 BEDROOM, 3 BATH HOME IN THE FAMILY FRIENDLY PATRIOTS CROSSING SUBDIVISION OFFERS THE DESIRABLE SPLIT BEDROOM FLOOR PLAN WITH VAULTED CEILING AND GAS FIREPLACE IN THE FAMILY ROOM. YOU WILL LOVE THE ADDITIONAL FINISHED BASEMENT! GREAT SPACE FOR ENTERTAINING WITH A LARGE LIVING ROOM WITH WET BAR, ENTERTAINMENT/EXERCISE ROOM, OFFICE AND A FULL BATH. NEW 18 X 14 CONCRETE PAD IN THE BACK THAT BACKS UP TO FIELDS. MAIN FLOOR LAUNDRY AND 2 CAR GARAGE MAKE THIS A PERFECT FAMILY HOME! CALL TO SCHEDULE YOUR PRIVATE SHOWING TODAY. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Born in Philadelphia in 1915, and dead too early in New York in 1959, Billie Holiday became a legendary jazz singer—even mythical. With her voice even now managing to touch so many people, we follow a reporter on the trail of the artist on behalf of a New York daily. Beyond the public scandals that marred the life of the star (alcohol, drugs, violence...), he seeks to restore the truth, revisiting the memory of Billie. Through this investigation, Mųoz and Sampayo trace through the undertones of racism and in the wake of the blues, the slow drift of a singer who expressed the deepest emotions in jazz. By internationally renowned Argentine artists, featuring Mųoz' strikingly raw heavy blacks, this is not just a biography but a spell-binding art book tribute. Ziggy Stardust, Aladdin Sane, The Thin White Duke: David Bowie had an extraordinary talent for reinvention. But at the beginning of his career, he made the most significant transformation of his life: from ""David"" to Bowie. In 1969, shortly after the release of his first hit single, David and his girlfriend Angie move into Haddon Hall, a sprawling Victorian villa in the London suburbs. Part commune, part creative hub, the house becomes home to a community of musicians, hippies, and hangers-on. As egos clash and parties get out of hand, David keeps writing: ""Changes,"" ""Kooks,"" ""Life on Mars""—songs that will propel him to global fame. Charting Bowie's personal life, the development of his music, and the transformation of his image, Haddon Hall is an evocative portrait of a young artist presiding over a musical revolution. Before she was the legendary Mama Cass of the folk group The Mamas and the Papas, Ellen Cohen was a teen girl from Baltimore with an incredible voice, incredible confidence, and incredible dreams. She dreamed of being not just a singer and not just a star—a superstar. So, at the age of nineteen, at the dawn of the sixties, Ellen left her hometown and became Cass Elliot. At her size, Cass was never going to be the kind of girl that record producers wanted on album covers. But she found an unlikely group of co-conspirators, and in their short time together this bizarre and dysfunctional band recorded some of the most memorable songs of their era. Through the whirlwind of drugs, war, love, and music, Cass struggled to keep sight of her dreams, of who she loved, and most importantly who she was. An illustrated A to Z, celebrating the unparalleled artistic impact of cultural icon Prince, this decidedly not-for-kids book celebrates the many faces and facets of the legendary musician, entertainer, and pop culture icon. From ""Alphabet Street"" (the first single off his iconic Lovesexy album) to Jay Z (Tidal being the only place to stream his music on his passing), Prince A to Z is densely packed with everything you need to know about the pop and rock legend—from the greatest hits of trivia to the most obscure B-side facts. Prince's extraordinary cultural significance was highlighted by the worldwide outpouring of love following his tragic passing in April 2016. A huge influential source to many in the fields of music and art, Prince towers as a cultural figure of the twentieth (and into the twenty-first) century. Celebrate his enormous life in this fun, pop-cultural book! Any singers or musicians you would especially love to read a graphic novel biography about? Let me know in the comments! Add a Comment to Explore the Lives of Famous Singers in Graphic Novel Biographies! </s>" <s> Born in Philadelphia in 1915, and dead too early in New York in 1959, Billie Holiday became a legendary jazz singer—even mythical. With her voice even now managing to touch so many people, we follow a reporter on the trail of the artist on behalf of a New York daily. Beyond the public scandals that marred the life of the star (alcohol, drugs, violence...), he seeks to restore the truth, revisiting the memory of Billie. Through this investigation, Mųoz and Sampayo trace through the undertones of racism and in the wake of the blues, the slow drift of a singer who expressed the deepest emotions in jazz. By internationally renowned Argentine artists, featuring Mųoz' strikingly raw heavy blacks, this is not just a biography but a spell-binding art book tribute. Ziggy Stardust, Aladdin Sane, The Thin White Duke: David Bowie had an extraordinary talent for reinvention. But at the beginning of his career, he made the most significant transformation of his life: from """David""" to Bowie. In 1969, shortly after the release of his first hit single, David and his girlfriend Angie move into Haddon Hall, a sprawling Victorian villa in the London suburbs. Part commune, part creative hub, the house becomes home to a community of musicians, hippies, and hangers-on. As egos clash and parties get out of hand, David keeps writing: """Changes,""" """Kooks,""" """Life" on "Mars""—songs" that will propel him to global fame. Charting Bowie's personal life, the development of his music, and the transformation of his image, Haddon Hall is an evocative portrait of a young artist presiding over a musical revolution. Before she was the legendary Mama Cass of the folk group The Mamas and the Papas, Ellen Cohen was a teen girl from Baltimore with an incredible voice, incredible confidence, and incredible dreams. She dreamed of being not just a singer and not just a star—a superstar. So, at the age of nineteen, at the dawn of the sixties, Ellen left her hometown and became Cass Elliot. At her size, Cass was never going to be the kind of girl that record producers wanted on album covers. But she found an unlikely group of co-conspirators, and in their short time together this bizarre and dysfunctional band recorded some of the most memorable songs of their era. Through the whirlwind of drugs, war, love, and music, Cass struggled to keep sight of her dreams, of who she loved, and most importantly who she was. An illustrated A to Z, celebrating the unparalleled artistic impact of cultural icon Prince, this decidedly not-for-kids book celebrates the many faces and facets of the legendary musician, entertainer, and pop culture icon. From """Alphabet" "Street""" (the first single off his iconic Lovesexy album) to Jay Z (Tidal being the only place to stream his music on his passing), Prince A to Z is densely packed with everything you need to know about the pop and rock legend—from the greatest hits of trivia to the most obscure B-side facts. Prince's extraordinary cultural significance was highlighted by the worldwide outpouring of love following his tragic passing in April 2016. A huge influential source to many in the fields of music and art, Prince towers as a cultural figure of the twentieth (and into the twenty-first) century. Celebrate his enormous life in this fun, pop-cultural book! Any singers or musicians you would especially love to read a graphic novel biography about? Let me know in the comments! Add a Comment to Explore the Lives of Famous Singers in Graphic Novel Biographies! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> In the past years, the Netent software was expensive and online casino without affiliate forum only severe casinos could afford.How to Play Online Slots Learning to play online slots isnt difficult, but its much easier to start off on the right foot if you poker idle game know the best.. As I say, it is difficult to say where the 36m increase in commercial income has come from.Understandably, converting debt to equity is not something owners want to do if they can help. .This projection carries a significant number of caveats - however, the actual figures that the PL clubs.. Certaines parties de ce site ne peuvent être fonctionnelle sans lacceptation de cookies.Le terfez na pas un goût très marqué mais il est extrêmement riche en protéines.Les données sont également agrégées dans le but détablir des statistiques commerciales.Retour vers le futur rend hommage à texas holdem winning hands printable l&apos;histoire.. How to Judge Free Spins Bonuses (Wagering Requirements) It is important to note, that there will always be terms and conditions associated with the free slot bonus. What types of Free Spin offers are there?Each Casino&apos;s T Cs apply.Deposit Bonus plus Free Spins - Some casinos offer the usual casino bonus, but with spins added as part of the package.New Casino Free Spins Online Casinos are competing more than ever to provide the best Casino Bonuses in an effort attract new players to their sites!You can also check if your phone is compatible with the games by clicking the Compatible Devices tab on the website.There are about seven types of slot machine games you can choose from and they all have different themes as well as payouts.Play 7 free spins NO deposit.They may want to promote a newly released slot and the offer will allow you to try the new slot for free - without committing to bankroll.July 1, 2017 New Game - Midas Touch - Slots Capital Try Midas Touch, it&apos;s as good as gold at Slots Capital. The King&apos;s glee rapidly changed to dread though, when he realized that he could rizk live casino now no longer eat any of his solid gold food.I am not one of those savvy individuals who immediately understands how the Internet works.To find the best deal you would need to spend hours jumping from site to site reading endless promotion deals.As always wagering and T C apply.Up to 50 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more scattered Willows appear, with every Free Game featuring a Wild Reel.Makirst deposit OF 20 OR more AND YOU GET 50 additional free spins.Which with a little bit of help from us, you can get your hands on the biggest and best casino deals around! </s>" <s> In the past years, the Netent software was expensive and online casino without affiliate forum only severe casinos could afford.How to Play Online Slots Learning to play online slots isnt difficult, but its much easier to start off on the right foot if you poker idle game know the best.. As I say, it is difficult to say where the 36m increase in commercial income has come from.Understandably, converting debt to equity is not something owners want to do if they can help. .This projection carries a significant number of caveats - however, the actual figures that the PL clubs.. Certaines parties de ce site ne peuvent être fonctionnelle sans lacceptation de cookies.Le terfez na pas un goût très marqué mais il est extrêmement riche en protéines.Les données sont également agrégées dans le but détablir des statistiques commerciales.Retour vers le futur rend hommage à texas holdem winning hands printable l&apos;histoire.. How to Judge Free Spins Bonuses (Wagering Requirements) It is important to note, that there will always be terms and conditions associated with the free slot bonus. What types of Free Spin offers are there?Each Casino&apos;s T Cs apply.Deposit Bonus plus Free Spins - Some casinos offer the usual casino bonus, but with spins added as part of the package.New Casino Free Spins Online Casinos are competing more than ever to provide the best Casino Bonuses in an effort attract new players to their sites!You can also check if your phone is compatible with the games by clicking the Compatible Devices tab on the website.There are about seven types of slot machine games you can choose from and they all have different themes as well as payouts.Play 7 free spins NO deposit.They may want to promote a newly released slot and the offer will allow you to try the new slot for free - without committing to bankroll.July 1, 2017 New Game - Midas Touch - Slots Capital Try Midas Touch, it&apos;s as good as gold at Slots Capital. The King&apos;s glee rapidly changed to dread though, when he realized that he could rizk live casino now no longer eat any of his solid gold food.I am not one of those savvy individuals who immediately understands how the Internet works.To find the best deal you would need to spend hours jumping from site to site reading endless promotion deals.As always wagering and T C apply.Up to 50 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more scattered Willows appear, with every Free Game featuring a Wild Reel.Makirst deposit OF 20 OR more AND YOU GET 50 additional free spins.Which with a little bit of help from us, you can get your hands on the biggest and best casino deals around! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> HGH191AA is a peptide used in activating the human growth hormone (HDH). The main function of the Human Growth Hormone 191AA involves the deposition of proteins, the growth of tissues as well as the subcutaneous fat stores’ breakdown. HGH191AA (Human Growth Hormone 191AA) is a peptide used in activating the human growth hormone (HDH). The pituitary gland (hypophysis), which is an endocrine gland, produces the HGH191AA, and it’s created by 191 amino acids. The main function of the Human Growth Hormone 191AA involves the deposition of proteins, the growth of tissues as well as the subcutaneous fat stores’ breakdown. During adolescence, Growth Hormone is normally produced at high levels. Treatments that use that peptide are generally focused on the battle against a medical condition known as growth hormone deficiency (GHD). The mechanism of GHRH (Growth Hormone-Releasing Hormone or also known as somatocrinin) causes the secretion of HGH during sleep. Also, this process stimulates somatostatin production. Somatostatin is also called GHIH (growth hormone-inhibiting hormone), and it’s a peptide hormone that usually regulates the endocrine system plus inhibits glucagon and insulin secretion. Human Growth Hormone 191AA enhances anabolism a metabolic pathways set that allow molecules construction from smaller units) and promotes the growth of your body cells, hence it, in turn, increases these cells multiplication rate. People have been using Human Growth Hormone 191AA as an anti-ageing therapy because of the benefits that it often carries to the treatment of degenerative conditions that are related to age. Today, the peptide is being produced in a synthetic method, but initially, it wasn’t like that. In the eighties, the hormone was removed from the pituitary glands (hypophysis) of corpses, the fact that was connected with fatal brain disorders. Some bodybuilders who have tried using the peptide haven’t had good results because Human Growth Hormone 191AA could promote body fat loss (derived from the process of stimulation of the cells that often make use of fats). It’s a fact that GH itself stimulates the hydrolysis of triglycerides in adipose tissue (body fat), which result in weight loss. Human Growth Hormone 191AA has the capability of improving the healing of injuries. Tests have revealed positive results in the damaged cartilage regeneration using this peptide together with the insulin-growth factor. Those derived effects shouldn’t be credited to the peptide alone. The main agent of that benefit is the liver organ due to Human Growth Hormone 191AA only fulfilling a stimulation function of that organ, which is typically the only one capable of producing insulin-like growth factors at a limited amount. Also, athletes can benefit by improving their endurance owing to the capability of Human Growth Hormone 191AA to stimulate red blood cell production through a process known as erythropoiesis, which concurrently supports anabolism promotion. HGH191AA doe does not have any of the side effects seen in androgenic or anabolic steroids. A dose that is recommended should be supplied through injection for up to 5 successive days letting two days or one day off. Users who have used Human Growth Hormone 191AA at a daily dose of 2 to 6 IU have experienced a notable loss of body fat; however, the required doses usually vary from one individual to another. </s>" <s> HGH191AA is a peptide used in activating the human growth hormone (HDH). The main function of the Human Growth Hormone 191AA involves the deposition of proteins, the growth of tissues as well as the subcutaneous fat stores’ breakdown. HGH191AA (Human Growth Hormone 191AA) is a peptide used in activating the human growth hormone (HDH). The pituitary gland (hypophysis), which is an endocrine gland, produces the HGH191AA, and it’s created by 191 amino acids. The main function of the Human Growth Hormone 191AA involves the deposition of proteins, the growth of tissues as well as the subcutaneous fat stores’ breakdown. During adolescence, Growth Hormone is normally produced at high levels. Treatments that use that peptide are generally focused on the battle against a medical condition known as growth hormone deficiency (GHD). The mechanism of GHRH (Growth Hormone-Releasing Hormone or also known as somatocrinin) causes the secretion of HGH during sleep. Also, this process stimulates somatostatin production. Somatostatin is also called GHIH (growth hormone-inhibiting hormone), and it’s a peptide hormone that usually regulates the endocrine system plus inhibits glucagon and insulin secretion. Human Growth Hormone 191AA enhances anabolism a metabolic pathways set that allow molecules construction from smaller units) and promotes the growth of your body cells, hence it, in turn, increases these cells multiplication rate. People have been using Human Growth Hormone 191AA as an anti-ageing therapy because of the benefits that it often carries to the treatment of degenerative conditions that are related to age. Today, the peptide is being produced in a synthetic method, but initially, it wasn’t like that. In the eighties, the hormone was removed from the pituitary glands (hypophysis) of corpses, the fact that was connected with fatal brain disorders. Some bodybuilders who have tried using the peptide haven’t had good results because Human Growth Hormone 191AA could promote body fat loss (derived from the process of stimulation of the cells that often make use of fats). It’s a fact that GH itself stimulates the hydrolysis of triglycerides in adipose tissue (body fat), which result in weight loss. Human Growth Hormone 191AA has the capability of improving the healing of injuries. Tests have revealed positive results in the damaged cartilage regeneration using this peptide together with the insulin-growth factor. Those derived effects shouldn’t be credited to the peptide alone. The main agent of that benefit is the liver organ due to Human Growth Hormone 191AA only fulfilling a stimulation function of that organ, which is typically the only one capable of producing insulin-like growth factors at a limited amount. Also, athletes can benefit by improving their endurance owing to the capability of Human Growth Hormone 191AA to stimulate red blood cell production through a process known as erythropoiesis, which concurrently supports anabolism promotion. HGH191AA doe does not have any of the side effects seen in androgenic or anabolic steroids. A dose that is recommended should be supplied through injection for up to 5 successive days letting two days or one day off. Users who have used Human Growth Hormone 191AA at a daily dose of 2 to 6 IU have experienced a notable loss of body fat; however, the required doses usually vary from one individual to another. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Winter is nearly upon us and with it comes the dreaded and highly contagious cold and flu. But there’s still hope for a healthier you even during the coldest parts of this season. Simple lifestyle changes including adequate sleep, washing your hands regularly and eating a healthy diet are the key ingredients to protecting yourself from a cold. Below are 4 cold-fighting nutrients that you should include in your everyday diet to provide you with long-lasting protection from winter. Comfort foods such as spaghetti bolognese, shepherd’s pie or chilli con carne are delicious zinc-rich foods that are freezer friendly for those nights when you just don’t feel like cooking. Try a sweet potato and roasted capsicum soup which is not only high in vitamin C but will keep you warm on a cold night. Berries make a great snack while you’re at work and they’re nutritious fresh or frozen. With the winter season lacking our greatest source of vitamin D, the sun, it’s important to look to other sources to ensure that we have a sufficient amount of this bug-killing vitamin. mushroom especially those dark in dark in colour. Start your day with a mushroom omelette that is rich in Vitamin D and protein or soak in the winter sunshine by getting active and going for a lunchtime walk with a friend. oily fish such as salmon. Salmon is a versatile fish with great recipes for breakfast, lunch and dinner whilst smashed avocado on toast is a popular breakfast trend. Mix it together for a delicious and nutritious way to start your day, adding goat’s cheese and capers for extra taste. Fish for breakfast not your style? Try salmon and avocado salad for lunch with homemade dressing using a quality plant-based oil such as extra virgin olive oil. If you prefer salmon steaks for dinner then try oven-baked salmon, roasted vegetables and steamed greens. You may decide that taking a vitamin supplement will work well with your busy lifestyle but supplements that are formulated to improve your immune system may have unfavourable side effects especially if you are taking other medication. It’s important to get advice from a qualified professional like your doctor or pharmacist before taking any supplements. </s>" <s> Winter is nearly upon us and with it comes the dreaded and highly contagious cold and flu. But there’s still hope for a healthier you even during the coldest parts of this season. Simple lifestyle changes including adequate sleep, washing your hands regularly and eating a healthy diet are the key ingredients to protecting yourself from a cold. Below are 4 cold-fighting nutrients that you should include in your everyday diet to provide you with long-lasting protection from winter. Comfort foods such as spaghetti bolognese, shepherd’s pie or chilli con carne are delicious zinc-rich foods that are freezer friendly for those nights when you just don’t feel like cooking. Try a sweet potato and roasted capsicum soup which is not only high in vitamin C but will keep you warm on a cold night. Berries make a great snack while you’re at work and they’re nutritious fresh or frozen. With the winter season lacking our greatest source of vitamin D, the sun, it’s important to look to other sources to ensure that we have a sufficient amount of this bug-killing vitamin. mushroom especially those dark in dark in colour. Start your day with a mushroom omelette that is rich in Vitamin D and protein or soak in the winter sunshine by getting active and going for a lunchtime walk with a friend. oily fish such as salmon. Salmon is a versatile fish with great recipes for breakfast, lunch and dinner whilst smashed avocado on toast is a popular breakfast trend. Mix it together for a delicious and nutritious way to start your day, adding goat’s cheese and capers for extra taste. Fish for breakfast not your style? Try salmon and avocado salad for lunch with homemade dressing using a quality plant-based oil such as extra virgin olive oil. If you prefer salmon steaks for dinner then try oven-baked salmon, roasted vegetables and steamed greens. You may decide that taking a vitamin supplement will work well with your busy lifestyle but supplements that are formulated to improve your immune system may have unfavourable side effects especially if you are taking other medication. It’s important to get advice from a qualified professional like your doctor or pharmacist before taking any supplements. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Which means I ate too much yesterday. Stayed up too late last night. And plan to do nothing beyond going to church and hanging out with my beloveds today. It’s the only weekend of the year I can justify this sort of indulgence and laziness, and I’m planning to take full advantage. Might possibly see if I can get a better picture of all of us before the day is out. Chris snapped this on our way out to eat Chinese last night. If you look closely you’ll notice that all the kids are dreaming of Chicken Lo Mein – fake smiles and glassy stares a-plenty. Missing my two biggest babies today *sigh* but they’ll be here in June. Wishing all you mommas out there an equally indulgent Mother’s Day. You deserve it. Happy Mother’s day to you Stefanie. I love the snapshot with the chicken lo mein stares : ). Beautiful. Happy Mother’s Day to you Stefanie! Enjoy doing a LOT of nothing! Happy Mothers Day from one momma to another. I am a rather silent reader of your blog but have enjoyed it so much that I check in daily! Our 4 kids are now grown: ages 21 to 26 and we are now starting over and will be going to China... flying out June 13th to meet our newest young lady who is 6 and a half. We are excited and scared. Often times your blogs is our only true means of support .... we have had a tremendous amount of negativity... to the point of being painful sometimes. Thank You for your honesty and support of adoption, You are a true blessing to me! </s>" <s> Which means I ate too much yesterday. Stayed up too late last night. And plan to do nothing beyond going to church and hanging out with my beloveds today. It’s the only weekend of the year I can justify this sort of indulgence and laziness, and I’m planning to take full advantage. Might possibly see if I can get a better picture of all of us before the day is out. Chris snapped this on our way out to eat Chinese last night. If you look closely you’ll notice that all the kids are dreaming of Chicken Lo Mein – fake smiles and glassy stares a-plenty. Missing my two biggest babies today *sigh* but they’ll be here in June. Wishing all you mommas out there an equally indulgent Mother’s Day. You deserve it. Happy Mother’s day to you Stefanie. I love the snapshot with the chicken lo mein stares : ). Beautiful. Happy Mother’s Day to you Stefanie! Enjoy doing a LOT of nothing! Happy Mothers Day from one momma to another. I am a rather silent reader of your blog but have enjoyed it so much that I check in daily! Our 4 kids are now grown: ages 21 to 26 and we are now starting over and will be going to China... flying out June 13th to meet our newest young lady who is 6 and a half. We are excited and scared. Often times your blogs is our only true means of support .... we have had a tremendous amount of negativity... to the point of being painful sometimes. Thank You for your honesty and support of adoption, You are a true blessing to me! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Hearts of Christ is a Morristown based, para-church organization that connects local churches and their members with children in the impoverished Central American country of Belize. Antioch partners with HOC by connecting members with children in need of sponsorship; organizing ministry trips to Belize; and assisting HOC with local ministry needs. You can learn more about them at www.heartsofchrist.org. Penuel Ministries, Kenya, East Africa is a ministry led by long-time Antioch members, Richard and Jane Taylor. Penuel is a an umbrella ministry that conducts evangelistic meetings, hospital chaplaincy, women’s conferences, and pastor’s meetings throughout the Machakos District of Kenya. Presently, the Taylors are focused on completing the Kakayuni Technical School. Antioch provides monthly support and opportunities to go serve short-term with the Taylors. Learn more about them at www.taylormissions.wordpress.com. Lakebridge Nursing Home is a local long-term care facility located near the church. Since 1994, when it opened, Antioch has provided a weekly Sunday morning worship and Bible study for the residents along with chaplaincy as needed. There is a regular critical need for help on Sunday mornings to help the residents get to the activity room and back to their rooms afterward; musicians, teacher, etc. To see how you can help, email Jerry Bailey at luthermv@yahoo.com. Family Promise is a local chapter of a national organization that serves homeless families in an effort to keep them intact while assisting them in getting jobs and back into a home of their own. Antioch hosts client families one week per quarter, providing housing, evening and morning meals, and transportation. You can help your small group to provide one meal during the week; or email Dave and Jodi Salts at jodisalts@gmail.com to learn about other volunteer duties. You can learn more about family promise at www.familypromisejc.com. Christ Powered Ministries is a discipling, sending ministry focused on equipping college students and young adults to share their faith on campus and at work through developing small group relationships and Bible studies. CPM hosts a worship and equipping gathering called The Journey each Wednesday night at 7 PM. You can learn more about them at www.cpmjc.org. The Well is a large worship gathering for students from the local universities held each Wednesday night at 9 PM on the campus of Grace Fellowship Church. In addition The Well offers small group studies, discipleship opportunities, and mission trips throughout the semester. Visit their website at www.thewelljc.org. </s>" <s> Hearts of Christ is a Morristown based, para-church organization that connects local churches and their members with children in the impoverished Central American country of Belize. Antioch partners with HOC by connecting members with children in need of sponsorship; organizing ministry trips to Belize; and assisting HOC with local ministry needs. You can learn more about them at www.heartsofchrist.org. Penuel Ministries, Kenya, East Africa is a ministry led by long-time Antioch members, Richard and Jane Taylor. Penuel is a an umbrella ministry that conducts evangelistic meetings, hospital chaplaincy, women’s conferences, and pastor’s meetings throughout the Machakos District of Kenya. Presently, the Taylors are focused on completing the Kakayuni Technical School. Antioch provides monthly support and opportunities to go serve short-term with the Taylors. Learn more about them at www.taylormissions.wordpress.com. Lakebridge Nursing Home is a local long-term care facility located near the church. Since 1994, when it opened, Antioch has provided a weekly Sunday morning worship and Bible study for the residents along with chaplaincy as needed. There is a regular critical need for help on Sunday mornings to help the residents get to the activity room and back to their rooms afterward; musicians, teacher, etc. To see how you can help, email Jerry Bailey at luthermv@yahoo.com. Family Promise is a local chapter of a national organization that serves homeless families in an effort to keep them intact while assisting them in getting jobs and back into a home of their own. Antioch hosts client families one week per quarter, providing housing, evening and morning meals, and transportation. You can help your small group to provide one meal during the week; or email Dave and Jodi Salts at jodisalts@gmail.com to learn about other volunteer duties. You can learn more about family promise at www.familypromisejc.com. Christ Powered Ministries is a discipling, sending ministry focused on equipping college students and young adults to share their faith on campus and at work through developing small group relationships and Bible studies. CPM hosts a worship and equipping gathering called The Journey each Wednesday night at 7 PM. You can learn more about them at www.cpmjc.org. The Well is a large worship gathering for students from the local universities held each Wednesday night at 9 PM on the campus of Grace Fellowship Church. In addition The Well offers small group studies, discipleship opportunities, and mission trips throughout the semester. Visit their website at www.thewelljc.org. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Home Deals Krispy Kreme: Half Dozen Treat for Php150 only! Mix any 3 Cake doughnuts of your choice with 3 Original Glazed doughnuts for only P150! Go get it from May 18 to 28. *Available for dine-in, take out, and drive thru only. *Available in all Krispy Kreme stores and carts nationwide except in NAIA and SM MOA Arena. </s>" <s> Home Deals Krispy Kreme: Half Dozen Treat for Php150 only! Mix any 3 Cake doughnuts of your choice with 3 Original Glazed doughnuts for only P150! Go get it from May 18 to 28. *Available for dine-in, take out, and drive thru only. *Available in all Krispy Kreme stores and carts nationwide except in NAIA and SM MOA Arena. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> When Brad Westwood was in sixth grade, he memorized railroad songs to sing at a 100th anniversary event celebrating the joining of the transcontinental railroad. Now 50 years later, he, along with many others, is planning events to celebrate its 150th anniversary. In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Pacific Railroad Act authorizing and incentivizing the Union Pacific Railroad Company and the Central Pacific Railroad Company to create a route that would connect the nation. On May 10, 1869, the two companies joined their rail lines at Promontory Summit, Utah, creating the first railroad connecting the country. Historians labeled the event as one of the most important in U.S. and Utah history, particularly in the development of the West. This year’s statewide history conference, on Sept. 27-28, will examine the national and local stories concerning the transcontinental railroad. It will include a keynote address, panels, films, research papers and education sessions. The conference will study both the positive and negative effects of the railroad. Excursion to the transcontinental railroad grade that included leaders from Utah’s 150th Anniversary Commission, BLM (federal managers of the grade and surrounding lands), Utah historians, archaeologists, local ranchers and leaders from the Chinese Railroad Workers Descendants Association. Taken by the “Last Cut,” and excavation accomplished with only picks, shovels and wheelbarrows by the transcontinental Chinese railroad workers. The Utah Legislature’s Spike 150 Commission, chaired by Doug Foxley and Spencer Stokes, is coordinating the events that start this fall and lead up to the May 10, 2019, sesquicentennial celebration (spike150.org). There will be many art displays including an exhibit of 150-year-old photos at the Utah Museum of Fine Arts, transcontinental railroad art from a Chinese artist at the Kimball Art Center and a display of rare photographs and artifacts at the Utah State Capitol Building. The commission is also planning a variety of musical performances. A Chinese composer is creating a new piece for the Utah Symphony, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will sing commemorative songs and the Utah Opera will write several operas to tell the story of the railroad. Along with commemorative events, the Utah Division of State History is helping develop learning tools. These include a Utah Office of Education curriculum and geospatial or GIS maps with links to historical photos and rare documents connected to the train route. For those who would like to see the original railroad grade firsthand, remnants of the 1869 route are still intact today in Box Elder County and preserved as a 90-mile Transcontinental National Backcountry Byway. The railroad companies stopped using this part of the line because they created a faster route across the Great Salt Lake in 1904, eventually closing this section and removing the rails in 1942. Since then, the abandoned path has remained largely untouched while the functioning rail line has been changed and modernized. Now visitors can follow the original route on a gravel and dirt road starting just west of the Golden Spike National Historic Site and heading toward the abandoned railroad town of Lucin. Along the old rail grade are trellises, stonework and interpretive signs. Drivers should watch out for old rail that can puncture car tires. Wooden railroad trestles near the ghost town of Terrance, Utah. </s>" <s> When Brad Westwood was in sixth grade, he memorized railroad songs to sing at a 100th anniversary event celebrating the joining of the transcontinental railroad. Now 50 years later, he, along with many others, is planning events to celebrate its 150th anniversary. In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Pacific Railroad Act authorizing and incentivizing the Union Pacific Railroad Company and the Central Pacific Railroad Company to create a route that would connect the nation. On May 10, 1869, the two companies joined their rail lines at Promontory Summit, Utah, creating the first railroad connecting the country. Historians labeled the event as one of the most important in U.S. and Utah history, particularly in the development of the West. This year’s statewide history conference, on Sept. 27-28, will examine the national and local stories concerning the transcontinental railroad. It will include a keynote address, panels, films, research papers and education sessions. The conference will study both the positive and negative effects of the railroad. Excursion to the transcontinental railroad grade that included leaders from Utah’s 150th Anniversary Commission, BLM (federal managers of the grade and surrounding lands), Utah historians, archaeologists, local ranchers and leaders from the Chinese Railroad Workers Descendants Association. Taken by the “Last Cut,” and excavation accomplished with only picks, shovels and wheelbarrows by the transcontinental Chinese railroad workers. The Utah Legislature’s Spike 150 Commission, chaired by Doug Foxley and Spencer Stokes, is coordinating the events that start this fall and lead up to the May 10, 2019, sesquicentennial celebration (spike150.org). There will be many art displays including an exhibit of 150-year-old photos at the Utah Museum of Fine Arts, transcontinental railroad art from a Chinese artist at the Kimball Art Center and a display of rare photographs and artifacts at the Utah State Capitol Building. The commission is also planning a variety of musical performances. A Chinese composer is creating a new piece for the Utah Symphony, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will sing commemorative songs and the Utah Opera will write several operas to tell the story of the railroad. Along with commemorative events, the Utah Division of State History is helping develop learning tools. These include a Utah Office of Education curriculum and geospatial or GIS maps with links to historical photos and rare documents connected to the train route. For those who would like to see the original railroad grade firsthand, remnants of the 1869 route are still intact today in Box Elder County and preserved as a 90-mile Transcontinental National Backcountry Byway. The railroad companies stopped using this part of the line because they created a faster route across the Great Salt Lake in 1904, eventually closing this section and removing the rails in 1942. Since then, the abandoned path has remained largely untouched while the functioning rail line has been changed and modernized. Now visitors can follow the original route on a gravel and dirt road starting just west of the Golden Spike National Historic Site and heading toward the abandoned railroad town of Lucin. Along the old rail grade are trellises, stonework and interpretive signs. Drivers should watch out for old rail that can puncture car tires. Wooden railroad trestles near the ghost town of Terrance, Utah. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Alibaba offers 1,826 q345b alloy steel plate products. About 78% of these are steel sheets. A wide variety of q345b alloy steel plate options are available to you, such as aisi, astm, and gb. Hot Rolled Steel Sheet Q235B Q345b Carbon Steel Plate. mild steel plate price Thickness: ... SS400 Q235 S235JR Alloy Rolled Steel Round Bar Laser Cutting Various Sizes. ... 0.4 - 2.0mm Sheet Metal Rolls CR Steel Plate Cold Rolled Low Carbon Strips Coils. High Strangth Steel Plate, Alloy Steel Plate, Alloy Steel Sheet manufacturer / supplier in China, offering High Strength Low Alloy Steel Plate 16mn Q345b A516 Gr. 70, Spring Steel Wire 201, 304, Diamond 2b Stainless Steel Corrugated Sheet for Ship Deck and so on. q345b Hot Rolled Low alloy seamless steel pipe Imported metallographic microscope test machine and precise specise spectral machine,WCK test machine,special tensile test,flatting test and impact test etc.Which can meet the inspection and test requirement and ensure the quality of product. H Beam, Steel Rebar, Galvanized Steel Coil manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Hot Rolled Building Material Steel H Beam for Steel Construction, Anti-Slip Steel Plate/Chequered Plate/Chequer Steel Plate, Q345b Steel Plate/Hot Rolled Steel Plate/Alloy Steel Plate and so on. China Q345b Grade Low Alloy Steel, Find details about China Hot Rolled, Low Alloy from Q345b Grade Low Alloy Steel - Inner Mongolia Qian Fang Steel Resources Co., Ltd. Sign In. Join Free For Buyer. Search Products & Suppliers Product Directory ... Steel Sheet & Plate. Any request for hot rolled low alloy steel plate Q345B Email:sales7@bebonchina.com and Whaisapp:0086-130-83697781. </s>" <s> Alibaba offers 1,826 q345b alloy steel plate products. About 78% of these are steel sheets. A wide variety of q345b alloy steel plate options are available to you, such as aisi, astm, and gb. Hot Rolled Steel Sheet Q235B Q345b Carbon Steel Plate. mild steel plate price Thickness: ... SS400 Q235 S235JR Alloy Rolled Steel Round Bar Laser Cutting Various Sizes. ... 0.4 - 2.0mm Sheet Metal Rolls CR Steel Plate Cold Rolled Low Carbon Strips Coils. High Strangth Steel Plate, Alloy Steel Plate, Alloy Steel Sheet manufacturer / supplier in China, offering High Strength Low Alloy Steel Plate 16mn Q345b A516 Gr. 70, Spring Steel Wire 201, 304, Diamond 2b Stainless Steel Corrugated Sheet for Ship Deck and so on. q345b Hot Rolled Low alloy seamless steel pipe Imported metallographic microscope test machine and precise specise spectral machine,WCK test machine,special tensile test,flatting test and impact test etc.Which can meet the inspection and test requirement and ensure the quality of product. H Beam, Steel Rebar, Galvanized Steel Coil manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Hot Rolled Building Material Steel H Beam for Steel Construction, Anti-Slip Steel Plate/Chequered Plate/Chequer Steel Plate, Q345b Steel Plate/Hot Rolled Steel Plate/Alloy Steel Plate and so on. China Q345b Grade Low Alloy Steel, Find details about China Hot Rolled, Low Alloy from Q345b Grade Low Alloy Steel - Inner Mongolia Qian Fang Steel Resources Co., Ltd. Sign In. Join Free For Buyer. Search Products & Suppliers Product Directory ... Steel Sheet & Plate. Any request for hot rolled low alloy steel plate Q345B Email:sales7@bebonchina.com and Whaisapp:0086-130-83697781. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> General Motors will also shut down the Oshawa facility in Ontario, Canada that now makes the Chevrolet Impala and Cadillac XT range. He said he was miffed that the Lordstown plant was closed earlier this month ""when everything else in our Country is BOOMING"". RCom owes a total ₹5.71 billion to Ericsson, including a one-time settlement of ₹5.5 billion and interest payments of ₹210 million. The pair ended up splitting the Reliance group, which was India's most valuable listed company. In 2018, Reliance Jio Infocomm, controlled by Mukesh Ambani, bought RCom's wireless assets for Rs 3,000 crore, in a sign that the acrimony of the past was buried. Two players in NY won $1 million by matching the first five numbers, according to the Powerball site. The drawing for that jackpot, figured to be the eighth-largest in Powerball's history, will be held Wednesday. The jackpot was last won on December 26. The jackpot has been climbing since December 26 when a NY man won the $298.3 million grand prize. That's when two ticket holders - one in NY and one in Iowa split a $687.8 million jackpot. The remaining futures listed on the exchange will continue to trade, with the last month contract now for June expiration. The trading volume of Cboe's bitcoin futures were disappointing. However, time will surely tell - especially with June approaching, when the now listed futures will expire from the CBOE . The CBOE clarified this news in a statement released on March 14th. Diess had said "" EBIT macht frei "", in the same vein as the Nazi slogan, ""Arbeit macht frei "" - or ""Work sets you free"" in English - while speaking to managers at an company event following Volkswagen's annual earnings conference. In January-February, China produced some 73.89 million mt of coke, up 7.6% from the same periodlast year. China's refiners processed 102.49 million tonnes of crude oil during January and February, according to the data from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). On Tuesday, Rep. Katie Porter (D-Calif.) flagged these quotes from filings in an ongoing class-action lawsuit against Wells Fargo that alleges the company hurt shareholders by hiding its vehicle repossession scandal from the public in the months after the fake-account scandal. Pizza on display on October 13, 2016 in New York City. Pi Day is celebrated every March 14 (yes, on 3-14), to celebrate both the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter and the birthday of Albert Einstein. Pieology Pizza: Buy one artisan thin crust pizza, get another for $3.14. Valid for dine-in or takeout orders. Pie Five Pizza - Get an individual signature pizza for $3.14. In exchange, Aurora has granted him options to buy almost 20 million common shares at CAD$10.34. ""I also believe that Canadian licensed producers, and Aurora in particular, are well positioned to lead in the development of the global cannabis industry as regulations evolve, with a strong, globally replicable operating model"". European stocks trimmed an advance on the news, but remained higher while the pound fell as the Brexit saga rumbled on. Immediate resistance can be seen at 1.3373 (38.2% retracement level), an upside break can trigger rise towards 1.3472 (23.6% retracement level).On the downside, immediate support is seen at 1.3294 (50% retracement level), a break below could take the pair towards 1.3214 (61.8% retracement level). They said the timing for Uber's IPO likely means it will take place after Lyft completes its own IPO. Uber declined to comment. Uber was valued at about $72 billion last August, and is said to be seeking a valuation as high as $120 billion for its IPO. Plaintiffs' attorneys have fundamentally failed to show that Johnson's Baby Powder contains asbestos , and their own experts concede that they are not recognizing the accepted definition of asbestos and are ignoring crucial distinctions between minerals that are asbestos and minerals that are not. Tesla said production will begin late next year with the standard edition expected to roll off the assembly line in early 2021. With about the same parking footprint-perhaps a few inches longer, as Tesla can't yet confirm the final dimensions-the Model Y offers what we noted to be a relatively roomy interior, with a slightly higher seating height and plenty of headroom. Lawyers representing Tesla chief Elon Musk have responded to the Securities and Exchange Commission's motion to have the executive held in contempt for allegedly violating a settlement agreement. The settlement comes from when the SEC sued Musk last September for committing securities fraud, after the CEO announced in August that he had the ""funding secured"" to take Tesla private. Toyota's latest announcement is an add-on to a plan first announced in 2017. The jobs are not coming to the WSAZ region, but the company is investing $238 million in the Georgetown plant. Toyota's total West Virginia investment represents $1.4 billion and 1,600 jobs, according to Manchin's office. The plant has the capacity of 12,000 units. U.S. gold futures rose 0.5 percent to $1,305.10 an ounce. Silver slipped for the first time in five sessions and was down 0.5 percent at $15.37 per ounce. The country's political crisis has deepened because it does not have a deal yet with the deadline of 29 March for the planned departure drawing closer. After acknowledging the problem Wednesday, Facebook remained mum on the issue for almost 24 hours before issuing an explanation and apology around 1630 GMT Thursday. According to the report , a grand jury in NY has subpoenaed information from at least two major smartphone makers about such arrangements with Facebook . The dollar fell more steeply shortly after data revealed that the US consumer-price index climbed 0.2% in February, matching market expectations, while the cost of living over the past year slowed again to 1.5% from 1.6%. Marijuana stocks rose after New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy and legislative leaders said they've agreed on legislation to legalize recreational marijuana for adults. As part of its 2017 Roadmap E plan, Volkswagen set an initial aim of 50 electric vehicles by 2030 and hopes that by 2025 the company's fleet Carbon dioxide footprint will be approximately 30% lower than in 2015. It describes MEB, which was developed specifically for electric vehicles, as the ""heart"" of its ""electric offensive"". A company spokesperson confirmed to The Drive that pricing and technical specifications for the I.D. Deal offered for dine-in customers only. Ooh La La - Receive half off a slice of pie of your choice. N, Seattle - Small apple, cherry, and oatmeal pies are on sale at the vegan bakery, with 15 percent of the proceeds going to the Technology Access Foundation. Despite his new grounding order, Garneau said the American authority is ""an extremely professional organization"" and Canada is ""very comfortable"" with it as a certifying agency for American makers' airplanes. Ethiopian Airlines CEO Tewolde Gebremariam said their pilots had received special training. The Boeing 737 flight manual includes a procedure for pilots to counter any problems in the aircraft's automatic trim system by disconnecting the autopilot and auto throttle systems. </s>" <s> General Motors will also shut down the Oshawa facility in Ontario, Canada that now makes the Chevrolet Impala and Cadillac XT range. He said he was miffed that the Lordstown plant was closed earlier this month """when" everything else in our Country is "BOOMING""." RCom owes a total ₹5.71 billion to Ericsson, including a one-time settlement of ₹5.5 billion and interest payments of ₹210 million. The pair ended up splitting the Reliance group, which was India's most valuable listed company. In 2018, Reliance Jio Infocomm, controlled by Mukesh Ambani, bought RCom's wireless assets for Rs 3,000 crore, in a sign that the acrimony of the past was buried. Two players in NY won $1 million by matching the first five numbers, according to the Powerball site. The drawing for that jackpot, figured to be the eighth-largest in Powerball's history, will be held Wednesday. The jackpot was last won on December 26. The jackpot has been climbing since December 26 when a NY man won the $298.3 million grand prize. That's when two ticket holders - one in NY and one in Iowa split a $687.8 million jackpot. The remaining futures listed on the exchange will continue to trade, with the last month contract now for June expiration. The trading volume of Cboe's bitcoin futures were disappointing. However, time will surely tell - especially with June approaching, when the now listed futures will expire from the CBOE . The CBOE clarified this news in a statement released on March 14th. Diess had said """" EBIT macht frei """," in the same vein as the Nazi slogan, """Arbeit" macht frei """" - or """Work" sets you "free""" in English - while speaking to managers at an company event following Volkswagen's annual earnings conference. In January-February, China produced some 73.89 million mt of coke, up 7.6% from the same periodlast year. China's refiners processed 102.49 million tonnes of crude oil during January and February, according to the data from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). On Tuesday, Rep. Katie Porter (D-Calif.) flagged these quotes from filings in an ongoing class-action lawsuit against Wells Fargo that alleges the company hurt shareholders by hiding its vehicle repossession scandal from the public in the months after the fake-account scandal. Pizza on display on October 13, 2016 in New York City. Pi Day is celebrated every March 14 (yes, on 3-14), to celebrate both the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter and the birthday of Albert Einstein. Pieology Pizza: Buy one artisan thin crust pizza, get another for $3.14. Valid for dine-in or takeout orders. Pie Five Pizza - Get an individual signature pizza for $3.14. In exchange, Aurora has granted him options to buy almost 20 million common shares at CAD$10.34. """I" also believe that Canadian licensed producers, and Aurora in particular, are well positioned to lead in the development of the global cannabis industry as regulations evolve, with a strong, globally replicable operating "model""." European stocks trimmed an advance on the news, but remained higher while the pound fell as the Brexit saga rumbled on. Immediate resistance can be seen at 1.3373 (38.2% retracement level), an upside break can trigger rise towards 1.3472 (23.6% retracement level).On the downside, immediate support is seen at 1.3294 (50% retracement level), a break below could take the pair towards 1.3214 (61.8% retracement level). They said the timing for Uber's IPO likely means it will take place after Lyft completes its own IPO. Uber declined to comment. Uber was valued at about $72 billion last August, and is said to be seeking a valuation as high as $120 billion for its IPO. Plaintiffs' attorneys have fundamentally failed to show that Johnson's Baby Powder contains asbestos , and their own experts concede that they are not recognizing the accepted definition of asbestos and are ignoring crucial distinctions between minerals that are asbestos and minerals that are not. Tesla said production will begin late next year with the standard edition expected to roll off the assembly line in early 2021. With about the same parking footprint-perhaps a few inches longer, as Tesla can't yet confirm the final dimensions-the Model Y offers what we noted to be a relatively roomy interior, with a slightly higher seating height and plenty of headroom. Lawyers representing Tesla chief Elon Musk have responded to the Securities and Exchange Commission's motion to have the executive held in contempt for allegedly violating a settlement agreement. The settlement comes from when the SEC sued Musk last September for committing securities fraud, after the CEO announced in August that he had the """funding" "secured""" to take Tesla private. Toyota's latest announcement is an add-on to a plan first announced in 2017. The jobs are not coming to the WSAZ region, but the company is investing $238 million in the Georgetown plant. Toyota's total West Virginia investment represents $1.4 billion and 1,600 jobs, according to Manchin's office. The plant has the capacity of 12,000 units. U.S. gold futures rose 0.5 percent to $1,305.10 an ounce. Silver slipped for the first time in five sessions and was down 0.5 percent at $15.37 per ounce. The country's political crisis has deepened because it does not have a deal yet with the deadline of 29 March for the planned departure drawing closer. After acknowledging the problem Wednesday, Facebook remained mum on the issue for almost 24 hours before issuing an explanation and apology around 1630 GMT Thursday. According to the report , a grand jury in NY has subpoenaed information from at least two major smartphone makers about such arrangements with Facebook . The dollar fell more steeply shortly after data revealed that the US consumer-price index climbed 0.2% in February, matching market expectations, while the cost of living over the past year slowed again to 1.5% from 1.6%. Marijuana stocks rose after New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy and legislative leaders said they've agreed on legislation to legalize recreational marijuana for adults. As part of its 2017 Roadmap E plan, Volkswagen set an initial aim of 50 electric vehicles by 2030 and hopes that by 2025 the company's fleet Carbon dioxide footprint will be approximately 30% lower than in 2015. It describes MEB, which was developed specifically for electric vehicles, as the """heart""" of its """electric" "offensive""." A company spokesperson confirmed to The Drive that pricing and technical specifications for the I.D. Deal offered for dine-in customers only. Ooh La La - Receive half off a slice of pie of your choice. N, Seattle - Small apple, cherry, and oatmeal pies are on sale at the vegan bakery, with 15 percent of the proceeds going to the Technology Access Foundation. Despite his new grounding order, Garneau said the American authority is """an" extremely professional "organization""" and Canada is """very" "comfortable""" with it as a certifying agency for American makers' airplanes. Ethiopian Airlines CEO Tewolde Gebremariam said their pilots had received special training. The Boeing 737 flight manual includes a procedure for pilots to counter any problems in the aircraft's automatic trim system by disconnecting the autopilot and auto throttle systems. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Our grand plan of waking up early to walk fell by the wayside. Peering at the still dark sky, it felt too cold to walk. That’s just an excuse, of course. So was the reason that I didn’t know what time it was because the clicks had gone back. Excuses are easy to find when you don’t want to walk up. In the end, it was the sounds of packing from the next room that finally roused me. That and a strong desire for the toilet. I crept past the other 2 guests in the room. One of them had been talking in her sleep. She was having a one-way conversation with all the intonations of a 2-way conversation. Maybe she was talking to a ghost. My over active imagination in overdrive, I shut my eyes tighter. We left the albergue about 8.15 am, after the obligatory cafe con leche to start the engines. Packing was awkward as both of us were still not used to our packs. But we got there in the end. It felt like we were alone as we left. I looked up and saw the spires of the cathedral with the red of the rising sun in the background. The air was cool to the touch. The streets quiet. There is something (now) so familiar with these sensations. I do love the start of the day. Fortunately, the weather was a lot better than expected. It was even hot. We rested frequently, taking sips of drink, mainly to reduce pack weight. The way to Negreira involved a lot of road walking, with some dirt track, so it was very hot work. Still, we passed some small cute towns, but most did not offer accommodations, or offered it too early in the walk. Corn drying in the granary. It was to be the only sunny day of our trip. Though I enjoyed it, it started to get quite hot, especially after 1 pm. We started to climb quite a steep hill through farmland and Son was beginning to feel the intensity of the walk. Though he might have done the Duke of Edinburgh, often the boys would take a break every 2 km instead of every 2 and a half hours. It was quite different from the farmland walks through Surrey that he’s used to. Throughout the day, we were overtaken by pilgrims and day trippers out for their Sunday troll. No, I am not a fast walker. As in the rest of Spain, we passed many abandoned houses. Yet in the midst of these were very large mini stone palaces. As many poor people there are in Spain, there are some very wealthy folks as well. Behind these gates were some very fancy cars. Love this guard dog observing the world from the castellated walls. Tired from road walking. We stopped in the driveway of a factory to rest. We were in the outskirts of Negreira. But you know how outskirts work- you’re still another 3 km from your destination. My feet were hot and I had to release them from the prison of my boots. Another pilgrim walks up and we chat for a while. He is aiming for Vilesario, another 12 km beyond Negreira. I look at Son who shakes his head. He can’t go much further even though the day is still young at around 2.30 pm. We trudge through the urban streets. Negreira is an ugly town. It reminded me of Colunga on the del Norte. Functional, but ugly. Time to start looking out for albergues. We pass Albergue Alacrin, but walk straight past. On the main highway, it looked pokey and like it’d be stuffed full of bunk beds. Alacringe, more like it. We walk past the Hotel Mellon but it had a bus load of tourists in the doorway. We give it a miss. I check the map on a large billboard and aim for the most remote Albergue I could find. I settled on Albergue San Jose. Set back 2 streets from the main road, it is in a new building. The whole place smelt clean and empty, with pillows being summed and blankets being washed. The hospitalero was welcoming and helped us to find 2 lower bunk beds in this vast place. We were also given sheets and a towel. No doubt in summer it is heaving with pilgrims. Today, there’s only 5 of us. It is quiet and dark and gives us a break from the hot sun. We love it here. So much so we decided to cook dinner in the well equipped kitchen. Nothing fancy. Just soup and spaghetti for dinner but we were satiated. We were also glad not to have to wait till 8 pm for dinner and for the early night. At 7.30 pm, we were ready to wind down for the night. Already, a papa bear is snoring – since 5.30 pm. Fortunately, his is if the intermittent kind. Highly recommend Albergue San Jose. Feedback on Albergue Lua is that it is kinda 70s hippy. Bright, lurid colours and incense. Albergue Carmen looks pretty standard. There is a Michelin finalist restaurant in town (near the supermarket on the bend of the main camino street) but this opens late – at 8 or 8.30 pm. </s>" <s> Our grand plan of waking up early to walk fell by the wayside. Peering at the still dark sky, it felt too cold to walk. That’s just an excuse, of course. So was the reason that I didn’t know what time it was because the clicks had gone back. Excuses are easy to find when you don’t want to walk up. In the end, it was the sounds of packing from the next room that finally roused me. That and a strong desire for the toilet. I crept past the other 2 guests in the room. One of them had been talking in her sleep. She was having a one-way conversation with all the intonations of a 2-way conversation. Maybe she was talking to a ghost. My over active imagination in overdrive, I shut my eyes tighter. We left the albergue about 8.15 am, after the obligatory cafe con leche to start the engines. Packing was awkward as both of us were still not used to our packs. But we got there in the end. It felt like we were alone as we left. I looked up and saw the spires of the cathedral with the red of the rising sun in the background. The air was cool to the touch. The streets quiet. There is something (now) so familiar with these sensations. I do love the start of the day. Fortunately, the weather was a lot better than expected. It was even hot. We rested frequently, taking sips of drink, mainly to reduce pack weight. The way to Negreira involved a lot of road walking, with some dirt track, so it was very hot work. Still, we passed some small cute towns, but most did not offer accommodations, or offered it too early in the walk. Corn drying in the granary. It was to be the only sunny day of our trip. Though I enjoyed it, it started to get quite hot, especially after 1 pm. We started to climb quite a steep hill through farmland and Son was beginning to feel the intensity of the walk. Though he might have done the Duke of Edinburgh, often the boys would take a break every 2 km instead of every 2 and a half hours. It was quite different from the farmland walks through Surrey that he’s used to. Throughout the day, we were overtaken by pilgrims and day trippers out for their Sunday troll. No, I am not a fast walker. As in the rest of Spain, we passed many abandoned houses. Yet in the midst of these were very large mini stone palaces. As many poor people there are in Spain, there are some very wealthy folks as well. Behind these gates were some very fancy cars. Love this guard dog observing the world from the castellated walls. Tired from road walking. We stopped in the driveway of a factory to rest. We were in the outskirts of Negreira. But you know how outskirts work- you’re still another 3 km from your destination. My feet were hot and I had to release them from the prison of my boots. Another pilgrim walks up and we chat for a while. He is aiming for Vilesario, another 12 km beyond Negreira. I look at Son who shakes his head. He can’t go much further even though the day is still young at around 2.30 pm. We trudge through the urban streets. Negreira is an ugly town. It reminded me of Colunga on the del Norte. Functional, but ugly. Time to start looking out for albergues. We pass Albergue Alacrin, but walk straight past. On the main highway, it looked pokey and like it’d be stuffed full of bunk beds. Alacringe, more like it. We walk past the Hotel Mellon but it had a bus load of tourists in the doorway. We give it a miss. I check the map on a large billboard and aim for the most remote Albergue I could find. I settled on Albergue San Jose. Set back 2 streets from the main road, it is in a new building. The whole place smelt clean and empty, with pillows being summed and blankets being washed. The hospitalero was welcoming and helped us to find 2 lower bunk beds in this vast place. We were also given sheets and a towel. No doubt in summer it is heaving with pilgrims. Today, there’s only 5 of us. It is quiet and dark and gives us a break from the hot sun. We love it here. So much so we decided to cook dinner in the well equipped kitchen. Nothing fancy. Just soup and spaghetti for dinner but we were satiated. We were also glad not to have to wait till 8 pm for dinner and for the early night. At 7.30 pm, we were ready to wind down for the night. Already, a papa bear is snoring – since 5.30 pm. Fortunately, his is if the intermittent kind. Highly recommend Albergue San Jose. Feedback on Albergue Lua is that it is kinda 70s hippy. Bright, lurid colours and incense. Albergue Carmen looks pretty standard. There is a Michelin finalist restaurant in town (near the supermarket on the bend of the main camino street) but this opens late – at 8 or 8.30 pm. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> There are so many aspects to be looked upon when designing a web page. How to work systematically is something that bothers. This time I will help you solve this query. Web pages are written in HTML. HTML is a special language for web designing. Web pages are simple to explain. As the name suggests they are simple pages made on web that provide links to other pages or sectors of the text. But this does not mean they are like printed pages. A heading underlined on a paper means it is something vital or a heading of the following text. Whereas an underlined word on a web page indicates that it is a link to some other page having details about it. Never make the mistake of considering a web page like a printed page. Their attributes are variable. The similarity is that both represent. That is it. Designing them, their tools and techniques are different. Web pages may consist of not only text but also pictures. Pictures occupy space on a paper. But an image on a web page adds to its volume and downloading time. This is because the file gets bigger due to more bytes. A picture even if of a small size of an inch or so, is equal to 1000s of bytes. For a web page it is not the space but volume to be concerned of. Nowadays web pages without color and image are considered boring. To reduce download time we need to zip the files. The browser will then quickly receive the compressed file and decompress it to the user. This can help reduce time and at the same time add pictures to your web page. Now lets come to how your page will appear on other screens. It won’t be the same everywhere. This is solely because of different browser and operating systems and their versions. When learning all this seems very difficult. It may seem to some of you a dry topic but it isn’t actually. It is just that beginners are not to learn the rules but refer to and revise when the page is done. To design you shall add color and good font to your page to make it attractive. You need to decide a program to work upon. For adding pictures to your web page you have two basic choices between graphics. First is GIF i.e. graphic interface with a limit of 256 colors for large pictures like headlines and buttons. As I said before, all screens do not show the same image, it is recommended to use a limit of 216 colors only. Using less of colors is also a way to reduce file size. The second option you have is of JPEG. This is for images and photographs. And has no limit on color usage. There is a new option of PNG as well not known well by now. You can also use Adobe Photoshop for graphics. Its results are incredible. I think these are the basics for web page design that you needed in a clear short writing. I have given you the points to remember and referred to some tools that you can approach for. Once you are done with your web page do revise it overall and go through all aspects of it. You will surely end up with an efficient to load and use web page with my tips and lessons. </s>" <s> There are so many aspects to be looked upon when designing a web page. How to work systematically is something that bothers. This time I will help you solve this query. Web pages are written in HTML. HTML is a special language for web designing. Web pages are simple to explain. As the name suggests they are simple pages made on web that provide links to other pages or sectors of the text. But this does not mean they are like printed pages. A heading underlined on a paper means it is something vital or a heading of the following text. Whereas an underlined word on a web page indicates that it is a link to some other page having details about it. Never make the mistake of considering a web page like a printed page. Their attributes are variable. The similarity is that both represent. That is it. Designing them, their tools and techniques are different. Web pages may consist of not only text but also pictures. Pictures occupy space on a paper. But an image on a web page adds to its volume and downloading time. This is because the file gets bigger due to more bytes. A picture even if of a small size of an inch or so, is equal to 1000s of bytes. For a web page it is not the space but volume to be concerned of. Nowadays web pages without color and image are considered boring. To reduce download time we need to zip the files. The browser will then quickly receive the compressed file and decompress it to the user. This can help reduce time and at the same time add pictures to your web page. Now lets come to how your page will appear on other screens. It won’t be the same everywhere. This is solely because of different browser and operating systems and their versions. When learning all this seems very difficult. It may seem to some of you a dry topic but it isn’t actually. It is just that beginners are not to learn the rules but refer to and revise when the page is done. To design you shall add color and good font to your page to make it attractive. You need to decide a program to work upon. For adding pictures to your web page you have two basic choices between graphics. First is GIF i.e. graphic interface with a limit of 256 colors for large pictures like headlines and buttons. As I said before, all screens do not show the same image, it is recommended to use a limit of 216 colors only. Using less of colors is also a way to reduce file size. The second option you have is of JPEG. This is for images and photographs. And has no limit on color usage. There is a new option of PNG as well not known well by now. You can also use Adobe Photoshop for graphics. Its results are incredible. I think these are the basics for web page design that you needed in a clear short writing. I have given you the points to remember and referred to some tools that you can approach for. Once you are done with your web page do revise it overall and go through all aspects of it. You will surely end up with an efficient to load and use web page with my tips and lessons. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> This is a placeholder page for Suzanne Chester, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Suzanne Chester. You are visiting the placeholder page for Suzanne Chester. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Suzanne Chester. We created this page automatically in hopes Suzanne Chester would find it. If you are not Suzanne Chester, but are an alumni of Dobie High School, register on this site for free now. </s>" <s> This is a placeholder page for Suzanne Chester, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Suzanne Chester. You are visiting the placeholder page for Suzanne Chester. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Suzanne Chester. We created this page automatically in hopes Suzanne Chester would find it. If you are not Suzanne Chester, but are an alumni of Dobie High School, register on this site for free now. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> im a lotr nerd DAMNIT! I knew most of this just from reading the first book... And I guessed for some. Apparently I got skillz. They think I have skills! Cool... Legolas is so adorable. </s>" <s> im a lotr nerd DAMNIT! I knew most of this just from reading the first book... And I guessed for some. Apparently I got skillz. They think I have skills! Cool... Legolas is so adorable. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Are you David Schoen? Claim this listing. David Schoen is a certified financial planner who works out of Austin, Texas, who has 10 years of work experience. Schoen works at Ubs Financial Services Inc. During their career, the advisor has held roles at Charles Schwab, Corporate Executive Board, Top Shelf Design, Hanover Research, La Corsha Hospitality, Ubs Financial Services and Ubs Financial Services Inc. Schoen has a Series 66 license, which qualifies them as both a securities agent and an investment advisor representative, and is approved to advise clients in Texas. Ubs Financial Services Inc is a financial advisory firm operating out of Austin, Texas. The firm has offices in 369 locations and a total of 13,402 advisors. It controls $496 billion in assets between its 922,927 customer accounts, placing it among the biggest firms in the nation by assets under management. The firm serves 4,543 charitable organizations. Of its 922,927 accounts, 52% are held by high-net-worth clients who have more than $1 million in investable assets. Ubs Financial Services Inc performs a number of services, such as financial planning services, portfolio management for individuals and small businesses, portfolio management for institutional clients, pension consulting services, selection of other advisers, publication of newsletters, security rating services and educational seminars. Fees charged by financial advisors typically depend on which services the firm provides the client. However, fees billed by Ubs Financial Services Inc most likely are comprised of asset-based, hourly, fixed, commission-based and other fees. David Schoen has no disclosures. </s>" <s> Are you David Schoen? Claim this listing. David Schoen is a certified financial planner who works out of Austin, Texas, who has 10 years of work experience. Schoen works at Ubs Financial Services Inc. During their career, the advisor has held roles at Charles Schwab, Corporate Executive Board, Top Shelf Design, Hanover Research, La Corsha Hospitality, Ubs Financial Services and Ubs Financial Services Inc. Schoen has a Series 66 license, which qualifies them as both a securities agent and an investment advisor representative, and is approved to advise clients in Texas. Ubs Financial Services Inc is a financial advisory firm operating out of Austin, Texas. The firm has offices in 369 locations and a total of 13,402 advisors. It controls $496 billion in assets between its 922,927 customer accounts, placing it among the biggest firms in the nation by assets under management. The firm serves 4,543 charitable organizations. Of its 922,927 accounts, 52% are held by high-net-worth clients who have more than $1 million in investable assets. Ubs Financial Services Inc performs a number of services, such as financial planning services, portfolio management for individuals and small businesses, portfolio management for institutional clients, pension consulting services, selection of other advisers, publication of newsletters, security rating services and educational seminars. Fees charged by financial advisors typically depend on which services the firm provides the client. However, fees billed by Ubs Financial Services Inc most likely are comprised of asset-based, hourly, fixed, commission-based and other fees. David Schoen has no disclosures. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> A New York-style pizza restaurant known for its large slices and pizzas ranging in size from 14"" to 30"". The diverse menu also offers pasta, salads, sandwiches and wings. Dough is prepared daily and Randy's uses the freshest and finest ingredients and cooks all pizzas on stone brick ovens. </s>" <s> A New York-style pizza restaurant known for its large slices and pizzas ranging in size from "14""" to "30""." The diverse menu also offers pasta, salads, sandwiches and wings. Dough is prepared daily and Randy's uses the freshest and finest ingredients and cooks all pizzas on stone brick ovens. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Black Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture 57 - The image above with the title Black Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture 57, is part of Bookcase with Drawers on Bottom picture gallery. Size for this image is 628 × 630, a part of Bookcase Ideas category and tagged with drawers, bottom, bookcase, published January 31st, 2017 14:47:46 PM by Lucy Collins. Find or search for images related to ""Black Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture 57"" in another posts. Back to post : Bookcase with Drawers on Bottom. </s>" <s> Black Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture 57 - The image above with the title Black Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture 57, is part of Bookcase with Drawers on Bottom picture gallery. Size for this image is 628 × 630, a part of Bookcase Ideas category and tagged with drawers, bottom, bookcase, published January 31st, 2017 14:47:46 PM by Lucy Collins. Find or search for images related to """Black" Bookcase With Drawers On Bottom Picture "57""" in another posts. Back to post : Bookcase with Drawers on Bottom. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> What is known about SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo Search? SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo is a rogue browser extension which targets the movie fans. It’s a hijacker which invasions pcs so to supervise their users’ searching history and in certain situations moreover aiming to get into pcs in addition to other type of bad-natured utilities. The web page may smoothly tactic guests inside obtaining unfunctional software as it could claim real and respectable. Second, they film respectable browse outcomes which are free-of-charge of commercial content. If there are already noted that SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo ridden any of your internet browsers, you ought to waste no time and examine your computer together with powerful anti-spyware, for instance Anti-Malware Tool. Trojan.Html.Blocker is the usual browser intruder that was designed for the sole aim of taking over your browser’s home web page address so to serve you sponsored web links and ads in its Yahoo-relying explore aftermaths. Thus, in our belief this page have to be regarded as a hijacker too. If you ever find it while searching the computer network, ensure to sidestep it at all times. According to its publisher, this toolbar could be called as a valid tool that may be used Therefore, it’s extremely unadvisable acquiring this software seeing as you never be informed if it’s not overrun along with contaminations or intended to develop backdoors for other malicious programs to enter your device. Upon more research, our malicious viruses analysts have uncovered that in particular cases this hijacker can emerge to be the major reason some other highly suspicious and even suspicious software may be capable of invading your operating system without quite a few hassle. Typically, this software gathers numbers related to individuals’s search inquiries, in particular entered webpages, numbers that they appear just as visiting them, their PCs’ IP address, place, user’s IP address and similar information. HOW CAN JS/FakeAle-SG BE INSTALLED? JS.Phish – is it a normal search engine? We retain not regulated to locate an official page that displays this browser hijacker as a standalone installer. It gets setup to systems together with an assortiment of free of charge programs, for example video players, video recorders, PDF publishers and quite a great deal additional free programs. At the same time as you trace on your own on JS.Phish instead of the foreseen domain, you can begin hesitating for repeated notifications reporting associated with a certain damaging process caught and pop-up adverts offering to turn on safeguarding Essentials 2011. In brief, it’s distributed through dangerous software installers that initiate it on your system quietly. What is harsher, JS.Phish browser hijacker might be led to a operating system pc just as installed with other applications, and that frequently takes place alongsideout user’s knowledge. The greatest difficulty is that this dubious browser plug-in, often, is distributed packaged with a few different freewares and sharewares and tactics users onto installing it indirectly. Trojan:Win32/Bitrep.A virus: how serious is it? What should you know about Trojan.VBS.Agent.ARM? Is it safe to use? Trojan.VBS.Agent.ARM is one of the troublesome toolbars that we recognise as a hijacker (recap Babylon Toolbar, Startnow Toolbar). As soon as it enters the computer, it may However, this production by APN, LLC., isn’t a sheltered surf machine to put in activity. In case you wish to maintain your device free of such kinds of potentially undesired programs, you should begin supervising installing process of the costlessware. At the same time as you be informed how such utilities go on target devices, you is going to be able to dodge similar risks in the later. WHY AM I REDIRECTED TO Win32/Trojan.f2e website? Why should I stay away from Phishing.HTML.Doc virus? Phishing.HTML.Doc Thus, its popular aim is to divert users to unreliable domains. The spark of these behavior may be Phishing.HTML.Doc pup. Depending on the examine that was performed by our malicious software specialists, we can tell you that terminating Phishing.HTML.Doc is the reasonable move. If you didn’t pay adequate attention to its process of installation, now you might believe that Phishing.HTML.Doc sneaked into your computer. If there are already detected this toolbar quite impractical and annoying, you need to get rid of it immediately. What is HTML.Trojan.FakeBSOD.30828 virus and why should you remove it? HTML.Trojan.FakeBSOD.30828 pup is a pup, that can also be seen as a redirect virus. It doesn’t come packaged with free programs which indicates that people activate the add-on themselves. If you did observer weird commercial content that is demonstrated while searching the web, it could be smart to inspect if you did not unwittingly activate advertisement-supported program, potentially unwanted applications, or extra browser hijackers. Odds are that individuals are happy to see this search tool since their homepages, new tab websites and default browse providers. Community toolbar that could be discovered on the category of ‘extra aspects’ at the same time as installing Skype, get managers, and similar applications. We have resolved to do a analysis on this web page. It could be strictly annoying if you are attempting to land on a page but are in an automatic way directed to another. To be more precise, your home webpage will be replaced to HTML/FakeAlert.LY!tr. For example, the rogue anti-spyware application Antivirus System PRO or a trojan related to this infection modifies Windows HOST file and redirects the user of the infected computer to HTML/FakeAlert.LY!tr. Are thought to be published from search portals as if Google, Yahoo, Bing and Yandex. Overall, this search engine appears totally natural, and so we are not startled that people put your faith in it. </s>" <s> What is known about SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo Search? SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo is a rogue browser extension which targets the movie fans. It’s a hijacker which invasions pcs so to supervise their users’ searching history and in certain situations moreover aiming to get into pcs in addition to other type of bad-natured utilities. The web page may smoothly tactic guests inside obtaining unfunctional software as it could claim real and respectable. Second, they film respectable browse outcomes which are free-of-charge of commercial content. If there are already noted that SupportScam.JS.TechBrolo ridden any of your internet browsers, you ought to waste no time and examine your computer together with powerful anti-spyware, for instance Anti-Malware Tool. Trojan.Html.Blocker is the usual browser intruder that was designed for the sole aim of taking over your browser’s home web page address so to serve you sponsored web links and ads in its Yahoo-relying explore aftermaths. Thus, in our belief this page have to be regarded as a hijacker too. If you ever find it while searching the computer network, ensure to sidestep it at all times. According to its publisher, this toolbar could be called as a valid tool that may be used Therefore, it’s extremely unadvisable acquiring this software seeing as you never be informed if it’s not overrun along with contaminations or intended to develop backdoors for other malicious programs to enter your device. Upon more research, our malicious viruses analysts have uncovered that in particular cases this hijacker can emerge to be the major reason some other highly suspicious and even suspicious software may be capable of invading your operating system without quite a few hassle. Typically, this software gathers numbers related to individuals’s search inquiries, in particular entered webpages, numbers that they appear just as visiting them, their PCs’ IP address, place, user’s IP address and similar information. HOW CAN JS/FakeAle-SG BE INSTALLED? JS.Phish – is it a normal search engine? We retain not regulated to locate an official page that displays this browser hijacker as a standalone installer. It gets setup to systems together with an assortiment of free of charge programs, for example video players, video recorders, PDF publishers and quite a great deal additional free programs. At the same time as you trace on your own on JS.Phish instead of the foreseen domain, you can begin hesitating for repeated notifications reporting associated with a certain damaging process caught and pop-up adverts offering to turn on safeguarding Essentials 2011. In brief, it’s distributed through dangerous software installers that initiate it on your system quietly. What is harsher, JS.Phish browser hijacker might be led to a operating system pc just as installed with other applications, and that frequently takes place alongsideout user’s knowledge. The greatest difficulty is that this dubious browser plug-in, often, is distributed packaged with a few different freewares and sharewares and tactics users onto installing it indirectly. Trojan:Win32/Bitrep.A virus: how serious is it? What should you know about Trojan.VBS.Agent.ARM? Is it safe to use? Trojan.VBS.Agent.ARM is one of the troublesome toolbars that we recognise as a hijacker (recap Babylon Toolbar, Startnow Toolbar). As soon as it enters the computer, it may However, this production by APN, LLC., isn’t a sheltered surf machine to put in activity. In case you wish to maintain your device free of such kinds of potentially undesired programs, you should begin supervising installing process of the costlessware. At the same time as you be informed how such utilities go on target devices, you is going to be able to dodge similar risks in the later. WHY AM I REDIRECTED TO Win32/Trojan.f2e website? Why should I stay away from Phishing.HTML.Doc virus? Phishing.HTML.Doc Thus, its popular aim is to divert users to unreliable domains. The spark of these behavior may be Phishing.HTML.Doc pup. Depending on the examine that was performed by our malicious software specialists, we can tell you that terminating Phishing.HTML.Doc is the reasonable move. If you didn’t pay adequate attention to its process of installation, now you might believe that Phishing.HTML.Doc sneaked into your computer. If there are already detected this toolbar quite impractical and annoying, you need to get rid of it immediately. What is HTML.Trojan.FakeBSOD.30828 virus and why should you remove it? HTML.Trojan.FakeBSOD.30828 pup is a pup, that can also be seen as a redirect virus. It doesn’t come packaged with free programs which indicates that people activate the add-on themselves. If you did observer weird commercial content that is demonstrated while searching the web, it could be smart to inspect if you did not unwittingly activate advertisement-supported program, potentially unwanted applications, or extra browser hijackers. Odds are that individuals are happy to see this search tool since their homepages, new tab websites and default browse providers. Community toolbar that could be discovered on the category of ‘extra aspects’ at the same time as installing Skype, get managers, and similar applications. We have resolved to do a analysis on this web page. It could be strictly annoying if you are attempting to land on a page but are in an automatic way directed to another. To be more precise, your home webpage will be replaced to HTML/FakeAlert.LY!tr. For example, the rogue anti-spyware application Antivirus System PRO or a trojan related to this infection modifies Windows HOST file and redirects the user of the infected computer to HTML/FakeAlert.LY!tr. Are thought to be published from search portals as if Google, Yahoo, Bing and Yandex. Overall, this search engine appears totally natural, and so we are not startled that people put your faith in it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Apple Company and Samsung Electronics, (commonly referred to as Samsung), are the top two greatest multinational companies that manufacture electronics used across the world. These two companies have spent huge amounts of money to successfully place life-changing gadgets in the hands of billions of people all over the world and to ensure their dominance. Apple majorly produces smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices. Apple is commonly known for its iPhone smartphones series.Samsung, on the other hand, has three basic divisions; consumer electronics, mobile and device solutions. Consumer electronics division is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Samsung big boxes such as kitchen appliances, Samsung TVs, Samsung washing machines and Samsung air conditioners. The devices solution division manufactures hard drives, LED panels, semiconductors among other devices. The IT and mobile division is responsible for Samsung smartphones, tablets and mobile devices. The sale of iPhone smartphones and Macbooks are the major source of income for the Apple Company. The sale of mobile devices outsells the sale of their laptops. The sale of Samsung smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices are responsible for over 70% of the company’s earning. Samsung has a wider variety of smartphones, tablets and mobile devices to choose from than Apple. Generally, Samsung sells more tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices more than Apple. With Samsung mobile devices you can upgrade an operating system from one version to a higher one. Most of the basic apps available on Google’s Android play store are also free and some are charged. Samsung users also have the freedom to buy or download music, movies, clips and install apps from other avenues. Apple’s mobile devices on the other hand are somewhat locked down. You cannot upgrade your operating system from one version to a higher one. You are also forced to buy entertainment products such as music files from iTunes. </s>" <s> Apple Company and Samsung Electronics, (commonly referred to as Samsung), are the top two greatest multinational companies that manufacture electronics used across the world. These two companies have spent huge amounts of money to successfully place life-changing gadgets in the hands of billions of people all over the world and to ensure their dominance. Apple majorly produces smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices. Apple is commonly known for its iPhone smartphones series.Samsung, on the other hand, has three basic divisions; consumer electronics, mobile and device solutions. Consumer electronics division is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Samsung big boxes such as kitchen appliances, Samsung TVs, Samsung washing machines and Samsung air conditioners. The devices solution division manufactures hard drives, LED panels, semiconductors among other devices. The IT and mobile division is responsible for Samsung smartphones, tablets and mobile devices. The sale of iPhone smartphones and Macbooks are the major source of income for the Apple Company. The sale of mobile devices outsells the sale of their laptops. The sale of Samsung smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices are responsible for over 70% of the company’s earning. Samsung has a wider variety of smartphones, tablets and mobile devices to choose from than Apple. Generally, Samsung sells more tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices more than Apple. With Samsung mobile devices you can upgrade an operating system from one version to a higher one. Most of the basic apps available on Google’s Android play store are also free and some are charged. Samsung users also have the freedom to buy or download music, movies, clips and install apps from other avenues. Apple’s mobile devices on the other hand are somewhat locked down. You cannot upgrade your operating system from one version to a higher one. You are also forced to buy entertainment products such as music files from iTunes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> ""Come on England - it's coming home!"" When the song first was released, the chorus proclaimed ""Three lions on a shirt/Jules Rimet still gleaming/Thirty years of hurt/never stopped me dreaming"". England hasn't played in the semifinals of a major tournament since Southgate's penalty kick at Wembley was saved by Andreas Koepke 22 years ago, and Andrea Moeller put the next kick over David Seaman and under the crossbar. Midfielder Ivan Rakitic thinks the spirit that carried the team through those tense knockout matches will stand it in good stead against England, which is hoping to beat two European nations at a World Cup for the first time since 1982. I met the Croatian prime minister yesterday and we exchanged football shirts. France reached the final for the third time in their history on Tuesday when a second-half header from Samuel Umtiti gave the 1998 champions a 1-0 victory against Belgium in Saint Petersburg. Southgate said he was convinced that win or lose on Wednesday, his team have a bright future after decades of English under-achievement on the worldwide stage. It is Croatia's second World Cup semi-final since gaining independence following the break up of Yugoslavia. The game will start at 7pm BST on Wednesday. May will not attend the match because Britain has imposed a diplomatic boycott on Russia after blaming Moscow for the attempted assassination of a former Russian spy in England. ""Let me tell you, whether we win or lose the game, my life will not change"", he said. ""We've got to keep getting over those hurdles and I know we talked about the success of the younger teams but this is a much harder, much bigger level for the players and the belief is building as things are happening"". We never want to be reactive, ... ""The age of the players, the improvement in the players, the hunger in the players has been apparent for everybody to see"". Gareth Southgate has warned that England's semi-final against Croatia will be his side's toughest test at the World Cup so far. ""They have a lot of quality, they play well, well organised and a physically strong, but we are also aware of our quality"". It's completely irrelevant, that 4-1 defeat. ""I watched the last two games in a very nice bar at the Lakes Resort Hotel Vilamoura. You are just nitpicking my poor performances"". Shaqiri's involvement at the World Cup ended last week when Switzerland were knocked out of the tournament by Sweden . Liverpool have been trying to reignite a deal despite a hands-off warning issued before the World Cup. Our worst fears about this World Cup have been confirmed: none of the countries left in the tournament have left-wing governments. The body language was positive, and even the younger and less experienced players were not overawed by the occasion. Presently, 62 people injured in suicide attack are seeking treatment at Lady Reading Hospital, authorities confirmed. This is the second terrorist attack on an election rally in Pakistan ahead of the July 25 general election. Chiang Rai Gov.Narongsak Osatanakorn said Tuesday's rescue operation began at 10.08 a.m. and involves 19 divers. The disappearance, discovery and rescue of the Wild Boars soccer team has gripped people all over the world. Martinez is not a man known for his defensive organisation but France will make him think twice and maybe thrice. France controlled the early tempo of the game but Belgium had more possession in the earlier stages. With Chris likely to become a hurricane, it would be the second such system during the 2018 Atlantic season. Still, the storm is expected to be upgraded to a hurricane later Tuesday as it moves into warmer waters. George Clooney is on the mend after a scary scooter accident in Italy . 'George was treated and released from an Olbia hospital. Clooney was driving a motor scooter to work on Tuesday morning when he collided with a Mercedes making a sudden left turn. Britain's Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge holds Britain's Prince Louis of Cambridge on their arrival for his christening service. In one photo, Prince George and Princess Charlotte can be seen pressing their faces to the window, watching the event unfold. Even when Serena was on the brink of losing the set, she managed to hit a 122 miles per hour serve, her fastest of the tournament. But as she has done at each stage here, in just her fourth tournament back since maternity leave, Williams elevated her play. A family member told CNN Monday that they hadn't been told which boys had been pulled out, and who is still trapped in the cave. Their escape led to an explosion of jubilation on social media in Thailand as the rescued boys were rushed to hospital. Reporter: ""How many people are you deciding between now?"" ""I am grateful to you and I am humbled by your confidence in me"". All eyes on which senators? ""Maybe a handful of Democrats will vote for a Trump pick because they have to politically"". National Football League draft podcast: Is Duke’s Daniel Jones really QB2? </s>" <s> """Come" on England - it's coming "home!""" When the song first was released, the chorus proclaimed """Three" lions on a shirt/Jules Rimet still gleaming/Thirty years of hurt/never stopped me "dreaming""." England hasn't played in the semifinals of a major tournament since Southgate's penalty kick at Wembley was saved by Andreas Koepke 22 years ago, and Andrea Moeller put the next kick over David Seaman and under the crossbar. Midfielder Ivan Rakitic thinks the spirit that carried the team through those tense knockout matches will stand it in good stead against England, which is hoping to beat two European nations at a World Cup for the first time since 1982. I met the Croatian prime minister yesterday and we exchanged football shirts. France reached the final for the third time in their history on Tuesday when a second-half header from Samuel Umtiti gave the 1998 champions a 1-0 victory against Belgium in Saint Petersburg. Southgate said he was convinced that win or lose on Wednesday, his team have a bright future after decades of English under-achievement on the worldwide stage. It is Croatia's second World Cup semi-final since gaining independence following the break up of Yugoslavia. The game will start at 7pm BST on Wednesday. May will not attend the match because Britain has imposed a diplomatic boycott on Russia after blaming Moscow for the attempted assassination of a former Russian spy in England. """Let" me tell you, whether we win or lose the game, my life will not "change""," he said. """We've" got to keep getting over those hurdles and I know we talked about the success of the younger teams but this is a much harder, much bigger level for the players and the belief is building as things are "happening""." We never want to be reactive, ... """The" age of the players, the improvement in the players, the hunger in the players has been apparent for everybody to "see""." Gareth Southgate has warned that England's semi-final against Croatia will be his side's toughest test at the World Cup so far. """They" have a lot of quality, they play well, well organised and a physically strong, but we are also aware of our "quality""." It's completely irrelevant, that 4-1 defeat. """I" watched the last two games in a very nice bar at the Lakes Resort Hotel Vilamoura. You are just nitpicking my poor "performances""." Shaqiri's involvement at the World Cup ended last week when Switzerland were knocked out of the tournament by Sweden . Liverpool have been trying to reignite a deal despite a hands-off warning issued before the World Cup. Our worst fears about this World Cup have been confirmed: none of the countries left in the tournament have left-wing governments. The body language was positive, and even the younger and less experienced players were not overawed by the occasion. Presently, 62 people injured in suicide attack are seeking treatment at Lady Reading Hospital, authorities confirmed. This is the second terrorist attack on an election rally in Pakistan ahead of the July 25 general election. Chiang Rai Gov.Narongsak Osatanakorn said Tuesday's rescue operation began at 10.08 a.m. and involves 19 divers. The disappearance, discovery and rescue of the Wild Boars soccer team has gripped people all over the world. Martinez is not a man known for his defensive organisation but France will make him think twice and maybe thrice. France controlled the early tempo of the game but Belgium had more possession in the earlier stages. With Chris likely to become a hurricane, it would be the second such system during the 2018 Atlantic season. Still, the storm is expected to be upgraded to a hurricane later Tuesday as it moves into warmer waters. George Clooney is on the mend after a scary scooter accident in Italy . 'George was treated and released from an Olbia hospital. Clooney was driving a motor scooter to work on Tuesday morning when he collided with a Mercedes making a sudden left turn. Britain's Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge holds Britain's Prince Louis of Cambridge on their arrival for his christening service. In one photo, Prince George and Princess Charlotte can be seen pressing their faces to the window, watching the event unfold. Even when Serena was on the brink of losing the set, she managed to hit a 122 miles per hour serve, her fastest of the tournament. But as she has done at each stage here, in just her fourth tournament back since maternity leave, Williams elevated her play. A family member told CNN Monday that they hadn't been told which boys had been pulled out, and who is still trapped in the cave. Their escape led to an explosion of jubilation on social media in Thailand as the rescued boys were rushed to hospital. Reporter: """How" many people are you deciding between "now?""" """I" am grateful to you and I am humbled by your confidence in "me""." All eyes on which senators? """Maybe" a handful of Democrats will vote for a Trump pick because they have to "politically""." National Football League draft podcast: Is Duke’s Daniel Jones really QB2? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> If you are one to keep a list of the books of the Bible and mark them off as you finish them, this will be a good week for you. We finish three books, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, and 2 Corinthians, in our readings this week. A common theme between all of our readings this week though is instruction in how to live life. Each encourages us to recognize what we have been given and use it to the best of our ability. </s>" <s> If you are one to keep a list of the books of the Bible and mark them off as you finish them, this will be a good week for you. We finish three books, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, and 2 Corinthians, in our readings this week. A common theme between all of our readings this week though is instruction in how to live life. Each encourages us to recognize what we have been given and use it to the best of our ability. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> We provide all production services to facilitate and manage TV, film and video productions in the highest professional standards. From filming permits and pre-production services, to our own 4K and HD camera sets and the best professional crews. Our producers have many years of experience in the field, and we have the track record to show it. We believe that we offer the best film production services in Israel for any kind or size of production. </s>" <s> We provide all production services to facilitate and manage TV, film and video productions in the highest professional standards. From filming permits and pre-production services, to our own 4K and HD camera sets and the best professional crews. Our producers have many years of experience in the field, and we have the track record to show it. We believe that we offer the best film production services in Israel for any kind or size of production. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Out of 2500 submissions on suggested topics for re-opening NAFTA, IITIO’s was the only Indigenous trade submission. Since the re-opening of NAFTA on or about late July, IITIO has been provided with weekly briefings by senior Global affairs staff. In July 2017 Global Affairs, led by Danielle Belanger, Director, Partnerships and Coordination, Economic Policy Development (now retired) formed the Global Affairs Indigenous Chapter Working Group (GAICWG) in which IITIO played a founding role with Global Affairs. The Global Affairs Indigenous Chapter Working Group (GAICWG) was tasked with hammering out the details of what content would go into the Indigenous Chapter, how best to ensure that all interests will be accommodated, and how Indigenous rights will not be eroded. IITIO has been involved in the development and shaping of the Indigenous Chapter. September 14, 2017, Lindsay Robertson (IITIO Executive) obtained a letter of support for the NAFTA Indigenous Chapter from Jacqueline Pata, Executive Director, National Congress of American Indians. On October 10, 2017, Michael Woods secured the written support of an Indigenous Chapter in a renegotiated NAFTA from James Hopkins, Pro Bono Counsel, on behalf of the Rio Yaqui Pueblos, of Senora Mexico. On October 16, 2017, Professor Lindsay Robertson attended the Annual General Meeting of the National Congress of American Indians of the United States in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where Lindsay led a discussion on NAFTA and the inclusion of an Indigenous Chapter. Professor Robertson presented on International Indigenous trade law which helped draft the Resolution in support of an Indigenous Chapter in NAFTA which was passed that day and led to the issuance of the November 1st letter from NCAI President Jefferson Keel to Robert Lightizer, Senior U.S. Trade Representative. In the end the Indigenous Chapter was a true collaborative product that the GAICWG could hand off to the Canadian NAFTA negotiating team. Proof of the success of this collaboration was the fact that while there was initial reluctance and a lack of understanding on the part of the trade negotiation teams of Mexico and the USA, after discussion and presentation of the GAICWG’s work, the US and Mexico negotiation teams agreed to sit down to negotiate content based on the Indigenous Chapter. The territory we call Canada is made up of land originally occupied solely by its First Peoples, who have treaty rights or claims over vast portions of that land. It is submitted that the Government of Canada does not have the right to act unilaterally to affect Indigenous Peoples. It has no such right in law. The Crown has a history of neglect and failure to provide even rudimentary consultation in accordance with the standards set out by the Supreme Court of Canada (SCC). A modern trade and investment treaty touches the most basic elements of sovereignty. In the context of both broad and specific effects of a free trade agreement in relation to the life of any nation, its peoples, and its principle sovereign rights, the matter of the effect on Indigenous Peoples is one that is both appreciable and non-speculative. If the Government of Canada’s commitment to a Nation-to-Nation relationship is to be considered credible, any future international trade negotiations must include a place at the table for Indigenous Peoples as a full partner. The renegotiation of NAFTA offers a unique opportunity to better align international trade and investment with international Indigenous and human rights law. The adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) in 2007, and the more recent reaffirmation of Indigenous rights by the American Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (ADRIP) in 2016, lends international support for participation of Indigenous peoples in the negotiation of international agreements that impact their rights. This is consistent with both international law and current Canadian domestic policy for Indigenous rights. The Government of Canada recognizes that meaningful engagement with Indigenous peoples aims to secure their free, prior, and informed consent when Canada proposes to take actions which impact them and their rights, including their lands, territories and resources. The Government of Canada recognizes that reconciliation and self-government require a renewed fiscal relationship, developed in collaboration with Indigenous nations, that promotes a mutually supportive climate for economic partnership and resource development. Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould also stated, on behalf of the Government of Canada at the Assembly of First Nations Annual General Meeting in Niagara Falls in July 2016, that the Liberal Government policy is to anticipate how Aboriginal and Treaty Rights will eventually be articulated by the Supreme Court of Canada so as to act accordingly, by establishing policies that “fill the section 35 rights box” in advance of slow and expensive Indigenous rights decisions from the SCC. We submit that the Indigenous economic right to engage in trade is one of those anticipatory rights to go into the section 35 box. Accordingly, at a minimum, Indigenous people need to be consulted, but above all, they need to be involved in the NAFTA trade negotiations. Development in NAFTA of a Chapter specifically related to Indigenous Peoples that promotes and enhances co-operation in trade and investment among Indigenous Nations in all three NAFTA partners. Provided that such measures are not used as a means of arbitrary or unjustified discrimination against persons of the other Parties or as a disguised restriction on trade in goods, trade in services and investment, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the adoption by New Zealand of measures it deems necessary to accord more favourable treatment to Maori in respect of matters covered by this Agreement, including in fulfilment of its obligations under the Treaty of Waitangi. The Parties agree that the interpretation of the Treaty of Waitangi, including as to the nature of the rights and obligations arising under it, shall not be subject to the dispute settlement provisions of this Agreement. Chapter 28 (Dispute Settlement) shall otherwise apply to this Article. A panel established under Article 28.7 (Establishment of a Panel) may be requested to determine only whether any measure referred to in paragraph 1 is inconsistent with a Party’s rights under this Agreement. Inclusion of a NAFTA Indigenous Peoples’ Chapter that would work along the lines of these sections of the draft Trans-Pacific Partnership, but that would reference s. 35 of Canada’s Constitution Act, 1982, the SCC’s articulated duty on the Crown to consult and accommodate Indigenous concerns, and to recognize Aboriginal Title as part of the common law as it stands in Canada. Inclusion of provisions that allow for the freer movement across the Canada/US border of Indigenous Peoples, and of goods traded by Indigenous Peoples, consistent with the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, also known as the Jay Treaty, entered into by the United States and Great Britain on November 19, 1794. Inclusion of provisions in the NAFTA Indigenous Peoples’ Chapter that would provide greater protection to Indigenous cultural property and traditional knowledge. Application of the principle of large and liberal interpretation. In accordance with accepted case law in both Canada and the USA, conflicting interpretations of treaty provisions between national governments and Indigenous peoples shall receive a large and liberal interpretation in favour of the Indigenous party to the treaty. This principle should be applied in interpreting provisions in a revised NAFTA when determining the rights and obligations of the parties. </s>" <s> Out of 2500 submissions on suggested topics for re-opening NAFTA, IITIO’s was the only Indigenous trade submission. Since the re-opening of NAFTA on or about late July, IITIO has been provided with weekly briefings by senior Global affairs staff. In July 2017 Global Affairs, led by Danielle Belanger, Director, Partnerships and Coordination, Economic Policy Development (now retired) formed the Global Affairs Indigenous Chapter Working Group (GAICWG) in which IITIO played a founding role with Global Affairs. The Global Affairs Indigenous Chapter Working Group (GAICWG) was tasked with hammering out the details of what content would go into the Indigenous Chapter, how best to ensure that all interests will be accommodated, and how Indigenous rights will not be eroded. IITIO has been involved in the development and shaping of the Indigenous Chapter. September 14, 2017, Lindsay Robertson (IITIO Executive) obtained a letter of support for the NAFTA Indigenous Chapter from Jacqueline Pata, Executive Director, National Congress of American Indians. On October 10, 2017, Michael Woods secured the written support of an Indigenous Chapter in a renegotiated NAFTA from James Hopkins, Pro Bono Counsel, on behalf of the Rio Yaqui Pueblos, of Senora Mexico. On October 16, 2017, Professor Lindsay Robertson attended the Annual General Meeting of the National Congress of American Indians of the United States in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where Lindsay led a discussion on NAFTA and the inclusion of an Indigenous Chapter. Professor Robertson presented on International Indigenous trade law which helped draft the Resolution in support of an Indigenous Chapter in NAFTA which was passed that day and led to the issuance of the November 1st letter from NCAI President Jefferson Keel to Robert Lightizer, Senior U.S. Trade Representative. In the end the Indigenous Chapter was a true collaborative product that the GAICWG could hand off to the Canadian NAFTA negotiating team. Proof of the success of this collaboration was the fact that while there was initial reluctance and a lack of understanding on the part of the trade negotiation teams of Mexico and the USA, after discussion and presentation of the GAICWG’s work, the US and Mexico negotiation teams agreed to sit down to negotiate content based on the Indigenous Chapter. The territory we call Canada is made up of land originally occupied solely by its First Peoples, who have treaty rights or claims over vast portions of that land. It is submitted that the Government of Canada does not have the right to act unilaterally to affect Indigenous Peoples. It has no such right in law. The Crown has a history of neglect and failure to provide even rudimentary consultation in accordance with the standards set out by the Supreme Court of Canada (SCC). A modern trade and investment treaty touches the most basic elements of sovereignty. In the context of both broad and specific effects of a free trade agreement in relation to the life of any nation, its peoples, and its principle sovereign rights, the matter of the effect on Indigenous Peoples is one that is both appreciable and non-speculative. If the Government of Canada’s commitment to a Nation-to-Nation relationship is to be considered credible, any future international trade negotiations must include a place at the table for Indigenous Peoples as a full partner. The renegotiation of NAFTA offers a unique opportunity to better align international trade and investment with international Indigenous and human rights law. The adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) in 2007, and the more recent reaffirmation of Indigenous rights by the American Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (ADRIP) in 2016, lends international support for participation of Indigenous peoples in the negotiation of international agreements that impact their rights. This is consistent with both international law and current Canadian domestic policy for Indigenous rights. The Government of Canada recognizes that meaningful engagement with Indigenous peoples aims to secure their free, prior, and informed consent when Canada proposes to take actions which impact them and their rights, including their lands, territories and resources. The Government of Canada recognizes that reconciliation and self-government require a renewed fiscal relationship, developed in collaboration with Indigenous nations, that promotes a mutually supportive climate for economic partnership and resource development. Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould also stated, on behalf of the Government of Canada at the Assembly of First Nations Annual General Meeting in Niagara Falls in July 2016, that the Liberal Government policy is to anticipate how Aboriginal and Treaty Rights will eventually be articulated by the Supreme Court of Canada so as to act accordingly, by establishing policies that “fill the section 35 rights box” in advance of slow and expensive Indigenous rights decisions from the SCC. We submit that the Indigenous economic right to engage in trade is one of those anticipatory rights to go into the section 35 box. Accordingly, at a minimum, Indigenous people need to be consulted, but above all, they need to be involved in the NAFTA trade negotiations. Development in NAFTA of a Chapter specifically related to Indigenous Peoples that promotes and enhances co-operation in trade and investment among Indigenous Nations in all three NAFTA partners. Provided that such measures are not used as a means of arbitrary or unjustified discrimination against persons of the other Parties or as a disguised restriction on trade in goods, trade in services and investment, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the adoption by New Zealand of measures it deems necessary to accord more favourable treatment to Maori in respect of matters covered by this Agreement, including in fulfilment of its obligations under the Treaty of Waitangi. The Parties agree that the interpretation of the Treaty of Waitangi, including as to the nature of the rights and obligations arising under it, shall not be subject to the dispute settlement provisions of this Agreement. Chapter 28 (Dispute Settlement) shall otherwise apply to this Article. A panel established under Article 28.7 (Establishment of a Panel) may be requested to determine only whether any measure referred to in paragraph 1 is inconsistent with a Party’s rights under this Agreement. Inclusion of a NAFTA Indigenous Peoples’ Chapter that would work along the lines of these sections of the draft Trans-Pacific Partnership, but that would reference s. 35 of Canada’s Constitution Act, 1982, the SCC’s articulated duty on the Crown to consult and accommodate Indigenous concerns, and to recognize Aboriginal Title as part of the common law as it stands in Canada. Inclusion of provisions that allow for the freer movement across the Canada/US border of Indigenous Peoples, and of goods traded by Indigenous Peoples, consistent with the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, also known as the Jay Treaty, entered into by the United States and Great Britain on November 19, 1794. Inclusion of provisions in the NAFTA Indigenous Peoples’ Chapter that would provide greater protection to Indigenous cultural property and traditional knowledge. Application of the principle of large and liberal interpretation. In accordance with accepted case law in both Canada and the USA, conflicting interpretations of treaty provisions between national governments and Indigenous peoples shall receive a large and liberal interpretation in favour of the Indigenous party to the treaty. This principle should be applied in interpreting provisions in a revised NAFTA when determining the rights and obligations of the parties. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Placenta Market 2018 Global Industry research report provide detailed analysis of Growth Factors of the Placenta industry as well as it gives analysis the Market share, Latest trends, Size and Forecast until 2025. The Placenta industry report has studied key opportunities in the market and influencing factor which is useful to the business. The Global Placenta market 2018 research provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Global Placenta market analysis is provided for the international markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Analysis of Placenta Key Manufacturers: Japan Bio Products Co., Ltd., CJT, Charites Japan, BIOON, Japan Natural Laboratories Co., Ltd et al. Placenta Market report spread across 148 pages, profiling companies and supported with tables and figures. With tables and figures helping analyze worldwide Global Placenta market, this research provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. </s>" <s> Placenta Market 2018 Global Industry research report provide detailed analysis of Growth Factors of the Placenta industry as well as it gives analysis the Market share, Latest trends, Size and Forecast until 2025. The Placenta industry report has studied key opportunities in the market and influencing factor which is useful to the business. The Global Placenta market 2018 research provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Global Placenta market analysis is provided for the international markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Analysis of Placenta Key Manufacturers: Japan Bio Products Co., Ltd., CJT, Charites Japan, BIOON, Japan Natural Laboratories Co., Ltd et al. Placenta Market report spread across 148 pages, profiling companies and supported with tables and figures. With tables and figures helping analyze worldwide Global Placenta market, this research provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Bringing the old back to life - something that does take time but in the end is a great outcome! What have you got that needs some work to get it back to its orginal glory? Making these into Planters or Wood Boxes. Old School Brass Blow Torch brought back to its original state! Click Image to see how it came in! Back to Life - Hours well spent as this trike came up looking excellent! This is an old Bentley Engine that got passed onto us to do what ever we could with it, it wasn't easy but still came up great! </s>" <s> Bringing the old back to life - something that does take time but in the end is a great outcome! What have you got that needs some work to get it back to its orginal glory? Making these into Planters or Wood Boxes. Old School Brass Blow Torch brought back to its original state! Click Image to see how it came in! Back to Life - Hours well spent as this trike came up looking excellent! This is an old Bentley Engine that got passed onto us to do what ever we could with it, it wasn't easy but still came up great! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> A super premium .Com domain name from DomainMarket.com means instant branding, search engine, and marketing benefits. We make it safe, easy and affordable for you to own LesBonsLiens.com right away. DomainMarket.com is the only authorized pricing agent for this domain name, anyone else is a third party seller. Every domain price on this site is completed by top world experts from AccurateAppraisals.com. Almost all decent TV ads now use premium generic .Com too, and radio ads, plus sides of trucks, billboards, bumper stickers, boats, planes, tshirts, blogs, etc. You may be one of these 'Fortune 500' mega corporations ready to dominate the world, or just a regular granny in your underwear, but either way you can look the same with LesBonsLiens.com. First come, first served. Don't miss this once in a lifetime opportunity to be #1. The first person or company to secure LesBonsLiens.com from this site can control it forever, to the exclusion of all others. It will become out of our control. Get it first; and get ranked first in Google! All that matters online is Location Location Location! Your Domain is Your Location! and brand, and future profits; dont shortchange it obviously! You can redirect your new domain traffic to your existing internet assets until you are done with development, or indefinitely, if you prefer. This domain is offered for sale by its owner currently at the ""buy it now"" price listed ""BIN"" Click here to purchase LesBonsLiens.com, but could be withdrawn at any time or its price potentially substantially raised. Also, once sold, the next owner, your domain competitor, would likely never re-sell it again, especially to his competitor; and would instead try to take all your customers and potential customers, year after year, to the extent possible, which you should do to them by purchasing the domain first. The asking price for LesBonsLiens.com is based on a careful and professional appraisal by the world's leading experts on domain valuations, the inventors of ecommerce for premium domains. The price is explicitly certified to be fair by real experts, so the buyer can be confident in the great long-term value and investment opportunity for the unique domain asset in question. This domain is likely to hold and increase its value over time. Poor domain names lose traffic and new customer conversions to better domain named companies, Microsoft Research calls this effect ""domain bias in web search."" LesBonsLiens.com is a category killer domain that may be commonly used around the world. Such a name offers your company a clear competitive advantage online and off. LesBonsLiens.com is relatively easy to spell / highly memorable. Trust and recognition from such a great name drives higher click through rates. Only one person or entity can have it and utilize it online and offline for marketing and advertising (and maintain all future resale rights at any price or profit level). </s>" <s> A super premium .Com domain name from DomainMarket.com means instant branding, search engine, and marketing benefits. We make it safe, easy and affordable for you to own LesBonsLiens.com right away. DomainMarket.com is the only authorized pricing agent for this domain name, anyone else is a third party seller. Every domain price on this site is completed by top world experts from AccurateAppraisals.com. Almost all decent TV ads now use premium generic .Com too, and radio ads, plus sides of trucks, billboards, bumper stickers, boats, planes, tshirts, blogs, etc. You may be one of these 'Fortune 500' mega corporations ready to dominate the world, or just a regular granny in your underwear, but either way you can look the same with LesBonsLiens.com. First come, first served. Don't miss this once in a lifetime opportunity to be #1. The first person or company to secure LesBonsLiens.com from this site can control it forever, to the exclusion of all others. It will become out of our control. Get it first; and get ranked first in Google! All that matters online is Location Location Location! Your Domain is Your Location! and brand, and future profits; dont shortchange it obviously! You can redirect your new domain traffic to your existing internet assets until you are done with development, or indefinitely, if you prefer. This domain is offered for sale by its owner currently at the """buy" it "now""" price listed """BIN""" Click here to purchase LesBonsLiens.com, but could be withdrawn at any time or its price potentially substantially raised. Also, once sold, the next owner, your domain competitor, would likely never re-sell it again, especially to his competitor; and would instead try to take all your customers and potential customers, year after year, to the extent possible, which you should do to them by purchasing the domain first. The asking price for LesBonsLiens.com is based on a careful and professional appraisal by the world's leading experts on domain valuations, the inventors of ecommerce for premium domains. The price is explicitly certified to be fair by real experts, so the buyer can be confident in the great long-term value and investment opportunity for the unique domain asset in question. This domain is likely to hold and increase its value over time. Poor domain names lose traffic and new customer conversions to better domain named companies, Microsoft Research calls this effect """domain" bias in web "search.""" LesBonsLiens.com is a category killer domain that may be commonly used around the world. Such a name offers your company a clear competitive advantage online and off. LesBonsLiens.com is relatively easy to spell / highly memorable. Trust and recognition from such a great name drives higher click through rates. Only one person or entity can have it and utilize it online and offline for marketing and advertising (and maintain all future resale rights at any price or profit level). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> This forum is dedicated to posting and coordinating paddling trips of any sort...whitewater, flatwater, multi-day trips, etc. Anyone is welcome to post trips. If you would like to be eligible for our Trip Coodinator Prize Drawings, please see the RULES posted for the details, however, this forum can be used by anyone. Any trip posted here indicates an open trip, provided YOU determine it is an appropriate trip for your skills and your gear under the expected conditions. If you are not sure, don't hesitate to ask questions so that you can determine if it's a good trip for you. All participants in Arkansas Canoe Club trips do so as common adventurers. The club or its individual members may coordinate paddling trips but no one is considered leader of a trip. All participants take the responsibility for making their own decisions including, but not limited to, whether to participate on any particular water body or section, what equipment they use, the routes they may choose to paddle, whether their skill levels and abilities are appropriate for the activity or whether climate and water conditions are appropriate for their participation. In choosing to participate in any posted trip, I acknowledged that paddling, like many sports, has inherent dangers which can be minimized through education and experience, but cannot be totally eliminated I hereby, for myself, my heirs, executers, and administrators waive any and all rights and claims for damage I may have against the ACC, its officers and representatives for injuries suffered by me in ACC activities. </s>" <s> This forum is dedicated to posting and coordinating paddling trips of any sort...whitewater, flatwater, multi-day trips, etc. Anyone is welcome to post trips. If you would like to be eligible for our Trip Coodinator Prize Drawings, please see the RULES posted for the details, however, this forum can be used by anyone. Any trip posted here indicates an open trip, provided YOU determine it is an appropriate trip for your skills and your gear under the expected conditions. If you are not sure, don't hesitate to ask questions so that you can determine if it's a good trip for you. All participants in Arkansas Canoe Club trips do so as common adventurers. The club or its individual members may coordinate paddling trips but no one is considered leader of a trip. All participants take the responsibility for making their own decisions including, but not limited to, whether to participate on any particular water body or section, what equipment they use, the routes they may choose to paddle, whether their skill levels and abilities are appropriate for the activity or whether climate and water conditions are appropriate for their participation. In choosing to participate in any posted trip, I acknowledged that paddling, like many sports, has inherent dangers which can be minimized through education and experience, but cannot be totally eliminated I hereby, for myself, my heirs, executers, and administrators waive any and all rights and claims for damage I may have against the ACC, its officers and representatives for injuries suffered by me in ACC activities. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> [ Academia ] [ Litigation ] [ Regulatory & Policy ] as a Related Elective for those interested in Statistics : Criminal lawyers increasingly need to have a basic grounding in the presentation of scientific evidence, as well as methods of disputing that evidence. This includes an understanding of statistics, which are frequently used in criminal cases – for example, in the assessment of probability estimates used in the presentation of DNA evidence. This course provides tools, concepts and the necessary framework for lawyers to become sophisticated consumers of quantitative evidence and social science using substantive case law as a springboard for considering quantitative evidence. </s>" <s> [ Academia ] [ Litigation ] [ Regulatory & Policy ] as a Related Elective for those interested in Statistics : Criminal lawyers increasingly need to have a basic grounding in the presentation of scientific evidence, as well as methods of disputing that evidence. This includes an understanding of statistics, which are frequently used in criminal cases – for example, in the assessment of probability estimates used in the presentation of DNA evidence. This course provides tools, concepts and the necessary framework for lawyers to become sophisticated consumers of quantitative evidence and social science using substantive case law as a springboard for considering quantitative evidence. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Saatchi Art’s curators have worked with artists from around the world to hand-pick every artwork we offer on Limited in order to provide you with an unmatched selection of limited edition prints. We are proud to offer ""She Cares, I Care"" by Claire Desjardins, which is available exclusively on Limited. Artworks in a limited edition have a set number of prints available for each size offered. For the 8x12 size edition, ""She Cares, I Care"" comes in a limited edition of only 100 prints. Once all 100 of the prints in this edition size have sold out, there will be no other prints of ""She Cares, I Care"" available in the size of 8 inches high by 12 inches wide. Limited edition prints of this artwork may be available in other sizes. I make it my business to know what ails both her mind and body. Even though we are separate, my sisters all struggle with the same issues. Do not take us for granted. She is why I march. </s>" <s> Saatchi Art’s curators have worked with artists from around the world to hand-pick every artwork we offer on Limited in order to provide you with an unmatched selection of limited edition prints. We are proud to offer """She" Cares, I "Care""" by Claire Desjardins, which is available exclusively on Limited. Artworks in a limited edition have a set number of prints available for each size offered. For the 8x12 size edition, """She" Cares, I "Care""" comes in a limited edition of only 100 prints. Once all 100 of the prints in this edition size have sold out, there will be no other prints of """She" Cares, I "Care""" available in the size of 8 inches high by 12 inches wide. Limited edition prints of this artwork may be available in other sizes. I make it my business to know what ails both her mind and body. Even though we are separate, my sisters all struggle with the same issues. Do not take us for granted. She is why I march. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> American Auto Sales Group is an independent used auto dealership in Royal Palm Beach. Whether you’re searching online or on foot, when you’re looking to buy a used car, SUV or truck, it’s important you deal with a knowledgeable and reputable business. Buying a used vehicle from someone who understands the mechanical makeup of the vehicle is always going to be to your advantage because there will be no question as to whether or not the seller is (or is not) truly aware of what type of condition the vehicle is in. Unlike many used auto dealers, we hand pick the types of vehicles we are going to sell keeping in mind only the best for our customers. Whether or not we have the exact makes and models suggested by Kelly Blue Book available on our lot when you’re ready to buy a used vehicle, we will always strive to find the best used cars available. Our top priority is providing excellent service. You can count on American Auto Sales for complete discretion as well as fair and honest transactions at all times. American Auto Sales Group is a subsidiary of American Auto Collision Center, which has been serving South Florida with auto body repairs since 2002. Since that time, the shop has been doing repair work for some of the top insurance companies in the country. Because of their impeccable reputation and familiarity with how vehicles work, you can leave the car lot feeling confident you have been fairly dealt with. One of the biggest concerns of anyone looking for a new used car for sale is whether or not the vehicle has been wrecked before. American Auto Sales Group will never sell you a vehicle that has been wrecked without making you fully aware before a purchasing. Yury Cespedes, owner and operator at both American Auto Sales and American Auto Collision, purchases the cars and trucks for sale and is known for providing excellent service. A full Carfax report will be provided for all vehicles for sale on the lot. Pickup Trucks We Have for Sale Right Now! American Auto Collision Center has been serving the Palm Beach County area since 2002. Copyright © 2018 American Auto Sales Group - All Rights Reserved. </s>" <s> American Auto Sales Group is an independent used auto dealership in Royal Palm Beach. Whether you’re searching online or on foot, when you’re looking to buy a used car, SUV or truck, it’s important you deal with a knowledgeable and reputable business. Buying a used vehicle from someone who understands the mechanical makeup of the vehicle is always going to be to your advantage because there will be no question as to whether or not the seller is (or is not) truly aware of what type of condition the vehicle is in. Unlike many used auto dealers, we hand pick the types of vehicles we are going to sell keeping in mind only the best for our customers. Whether or not we have the exact makes and models suggested by Kelly Blue Book available on our lot when you’re ready to buy a used vehicle, we will always strive to find the best used cars available. Our top priority is providing excellent service. You can count on American Auto Sales for complete discretion as well as fair and honest transactions at all times. American Auto Sales Group is a subsidiary of American Auto Collision Center, which has been serving South Florida with auto body repairs since 2002. Since that time, the shop has been doing repair work for some of the top insurance companies in the country. Because of their impeccable reputation and familiarity with how vehicles work, you can leave the car lot feeling confident you have been fairly dealt with. One of the biggest concerns of anyone looking for a new used car for sale is whether or not the vehicle has been wrecked before. American Auto Sales Group will never sell you a vehicle that has been wrecked without making you fully aware before a purchasing. Yury Cespedes, owner and operator at both American Auto Sales and American Auto Collision, purchases the cars and trucks for sale and is known for providing excellent service. A full Carfax report will be provided for all vehicles for sale on the lot. Pickup Trucks We Have for Sale Right Now! American Auto Collision Center has been serving the Palm Beach County area since 2002. Copyright © 2018 American Auto Sales Group - All Rights Reserved. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> and ship them directly to you! Zippy Stickers goal is to make it easier, faster, and more convenient than ever to get quality stickers delivered directly to our customers. We are constantly assessing every aspect of the sticker business in an eort to keep the highest quality, the lowest prices and simplest experience. Continually striving to gain more experience and more knowledge is a driving principle of our team. We print vinyl stickers and only vinyls stickers, allowing us to place all our focus on providing the best product possible. Once you've sent us your design, our artists ensure your image appears at it’s very best. We keep a keen eye on every sticker through the whole printing process all the way to packaging. We’re committed to giving you exactly what you want. </s>" <s> and ship them directly to you! Zippy Stickers goal is to make it easier, faster, and more convenient than ever to get quality stickers delivered directly to our customers. We are constantly assessing every aspect of the sticker business in an eort to keep the highest quality, the lowest prices and simplest experience. Continually striving to gain more experience and more knowledge is a driving principle of our team. We print vinyl stickers and only vinyls stickers, allowing us to place all our focus on providing the best product possible. Once you've sent us your design, our artists ensure your image appears at it’s very best. We keep a keen eye on every sticker through the whole printing process all the way to packaging. We’re committed to giving you exactly what you want. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Knowing the best city centre hotels to bed down at is good, but knowing the specific room to book is waaaaay better. These good guys and gals are fighting the good fight in sustainable fashion. One Artistic Director. One Associate Director. 100 members of the public. No, we didn't get round to stocking our fridge this weekend either, despite the extra day. But we've got your back on din-dins tonight. In celebration of IWD2018, we talk to some pretty cool local women doing some pretty cool things. Make a bag. Wear it. Tell everyone you made it, ad infinitum. Whether you’re single or spoken for, here’s what to do this V Day. Creative Director Sonia Sabri on her real life one woman show, Virago, feminism and mental health. One trip to Resorts World. Four different looks. A pretty pile of cash money saved. Verona should be top of your travel list for 2018. Is 2018 the year you walk away from work? Pinterest turn their most popular saves into a bible of home decor style predictions for the year head. We pick our faves - get ready to pin to your heart's content. In the gift-giving spirit of Xmas, we've curated a little list of loveliness for you to share with the gift-buyers in your life. We're good like that. We get serious about maxin' and relaxin' at your new fave hang-out in the Cotswolds. We've been inside Birmingham's most covetable townhouse, on Birmingham's most covetable square. Jasmine Hemsley’s all the lovelies. We’ve been talking Ayurveda, embracing winter and herbal tea in advance of her appearance at the Good Food Show. Interior design queen Helen Powell gives us a tour of her deliciously minimal home, and shares the rules she abides by when decorating. We’re giving ourselves some ocular love and falling deep for frames, with GWA newbies. No stress supper from John Gregory-Smith contained within. Yum-town. We’ve got beaut wall-fillers that’ll keep your interest without pillaging your bank balance. It’s getting cold out there. Step your knitwear game up a notch and do warm better. We’re talking rainbow knits and chunky wool dresses. The Portuguese city is having a moment. We give the low down on where you should be shopping and eating. Save space for pastries. We can’t change how much time you spend at work. But we can get you desk happy - it’s a very particular breed of smiley. The Wine Gang give us the low down on the latest and most delicious vino trends. And now we’re practically experts. The Brontë classic is in town, reimagined and more cinematic than ever before. We speak to the team responsible for the beautifully crafted adaptation before curtain up. Get away without leaving these here British-shaped Isles. Our current weekend faves within. We’ve been chit-chatting with the chief exec and artistic director at the Hippodrome, Fiona Allan. Join us. We’re as overwhelmed as you are by the number of nuptials taking place this summer. But you can take find the apposite outfit off your ‘to do’ list, with thank you note going to us. From paint colours to ceramics and plush velvet sofas, everyone ever is going. Join them? Sweden’s capital should be top of your must-visit list. We’ve made your soon-to-be-certain vacay easier by selecting our favourite spots. All things caffeine-related are coming to the Custard Factory this weekend. Go forth and get your fix with our handy little guide to B’ham’s first coffee fest. Choreographer Ruth Brill’s first full commission premieres with Birmingham Royal Ballet this week. We’ve been going in for hugs and air kisses and everything. The brains behind Bloom Collective gave us the intel on creating a floral masterpiece. We pass the inside info on to you. Pool sliders, mules and espadrilles. We’ve got the low down on the summer shoesies you’ll be wearing all sunny season. When your favourite book gets made for TV, anticipation is quickly overtaken by a protective sort of nervousness. The Handmaid’s Tale is a big, important read. And it’s a big, important watch. We’ve learnt the hard way, so you don’t have to. Kisses. It’s national vegetarian week and we’ve got plant-based pretties for thine eyes, from the region’s tipped-toppidy kitchens. </s>" <s> Knowing the best city centre hotels to bed down at is good, but knowing the specific room to book is waaaaay better. These good guys and gals are fighting the good fight in sustainable fashion. One Artistic Director. One Associate Director. 100 members of the public. No, we didn't get round to stocking our fridge this weekend either, despite the extra day. But we've got your back on din-dins tonight. In celebration of IWD2018, we talk to some pretty cool local women doing some pretty cool things. Make a bag. Wear it. Tell everyone you made it, ad infinitum. Whether you’re single or spoken for, here’s what to do this V Day. Creative Director Sonia Sabri on her real life one woman show, Virago, feminism and mental health. One trip to Resorts World. Four different looks. A pretty pile of cash money saved. Verona should be top of your travel list for 2018. Is 2018 the year you walk away from work? Pinterest turn their most popular saves into a bible of home decor style predictions for the year head. We pick our faves - get ready to pin to your heart's content. In the gift-giving spirit of Xmas, we've curated a little list of loveliness for you to share with the gift-buyers in your life. We're good like that. We get serious about maxin' and relaxin' at your new fave hang-out in the Cotswolds. We've been inside Birmingham's most covetable townhouse, on Birmingham's most covetable square. Jasmine Hemsley’s all the lovelies. We’ve been talking Ayurveda, embracing winter and herbal tea in advance of her appearance at the Good Food Show. Interior design queen Helen Powell gives us a tour of her deliciously minimal home, and shares the rules she abides by when decorating. We’re giving ourselves some ocular love and falling deep for frames, with GWA newbies. No stress supper from John Gregory-Smith contained within. Yum-town. We’ve got beaut wall-fillers that’ll keep your interest without pillaging your bank balance. It’s getting cold out there. Step your knitwear game up a notch and do warm better. We’re talking rainbow knits and chunky wool dresses. The Portuguese city is having a moment. We give the low down on where you should be shopping and eating. Save space for pastries. We can’t change how much time you spend at work. But we can get you desk happy - it’s a very particular breed of smiley. The Wine Gang give us the low down on the latest and most delicious vino trends. And now we’re practically experts. The Brontë classic is in town, reimagined and more cinematic than ever before. We speak to the team responsible for the beautifully crafted adaptation before curtain up. Get away without leaving these here British-shaped Isles. Our current weekend faves within. We’ve been chit-chatting with the chief exec and artistic director at the Hippodrome, Fiona Allan. Join us. We’re as overwhelmed as you are by the number of nuptials taking place this summer. But you can take find the apposite outfit off your ‘to do’ list, with thank you note going to us. From paint colours to ceramics and plush velvet sofas, everyone ever is going. Join them? Sweden’s capital should be top of your must-visit list. We’ve made your soon-to-be-certain vacay easier by selecting our favourite spots. All things caffeine-related are coming to the Custard Factory this weekend. Go forth and get your fix with our handy little guide to B’ham’s first coffee fest. Choreographer Ruth Brill’s first full commission premieres with Birmingham Royal Ballet this week. We’ve been going in for hugs and air kisses and everything. The brains behind Bloom Collective gave us the intel on creating a floral masterpiece. We pass the inside info on to you. Pool sliders, mules and espadrilles. We’ve got the low down on the summer shoesies you’ll be wearing all sunny season. When your favourite book gets made for TV, anticipation is quickly overtaken by a protective sort of nervousness. The Handmaid’s Tale is a big, important read. And it’s a big, important watch. We’ve learnt the hard way, so you don’t have to. Kisses. It’s national vegetarian week and we’ve got plant-based pretties for thine eyes, from the region’s tipped-toppidy kitchens. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Get lots of bids from trustworthy Rice Lake, Wisconsin car insurance agents for the best value. Is your furnace ready to be fired up? Here's how to get it in tip-top shape: http:\/\/a.ll.st\/ivgW01. Consider prepping your home for winter with our checklist: http:\/\/a.ll.st\/zuL11J. Looking to hire a part-time CSR at our office in Cameron. If you are interested email lisa\u0040drewinsuranceagency.com. \ud83d\ude0a. </s>" <s> Get lots of bids from trustworthy Rice Lake, Wisconsin car insurance agents for the best value. Is your furnace ready to be fired up? Here's how to get it in tip-top shape: http:\/\/a.ll.st\/ivgW01. Consider prepping your home for winter with our checklist: http:\/\/a.ll.st\/zuL11J. Looking to hire a part-time CSR at our office in Cameron. If you are interested email lisa\u0040drewinsuranceagency.com. \ud83d\ude0a. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Good supply chain management consists of arranging for the correct materials to reach the correct locations at the correct times. This process, along with many other factors, creates maximum profit for a company. The supply chain is critically important to a business; without a smooth supply chain, production ceases. Quite a number of strategic decisions are involved with the various aspects of the supply chain. In order to manage these various elements, you need the foundational skills that the supply chain MBA attempt to foster. Fully understanding how to match up suppliers, their materials, the amounts available, and the distance that must be traveled to access the goods is what the supply chain MBA typically offers. The supply chain MBA strives to provide you the skills you need to manage the chain of interrelated firms that make up the supply chain, such as the suppliers of sub-assemblies and other components, as well as the suppliers of the suppliers who provide raw materials. The practice of combining new ways of using information and making its ups and downs more easily accessible has led to improved production, accurate and low-cost inventory, steady payment structures, and more effective distribution. The curriculum for the supply chain MBA degree typically involves all of this and more. When determining cost and locations of materials, vigilance is necessary. The ability to rapidly troubleshoot issues is a major requirement of supply chain managers. Changes occur frequently and can have a devastating impact on the business’s finances. So, adaptation must be made quickly in the face of rapid changes in the locations of low cost regions. The supply chain management MBA aims to give students the skills needed to navigate this complex element of the marketplace. Whether you want to build on your current job or make a move to a different level or a different company, earning the MBA in supply chain management will aim to provide you with new skills that could potentially take your work to a greater height. Expertise in supply chain management is an essential component of the world’s economic integrity. Enroll in an MBA program today. </s>" <s> Good supply chain management consists of arranging for the correct materials to reach the correct locations at the correct times. This process, along with many other factors, creates maximum profit for a company. The supply chain is critically important to a business; without a smooth supply chain, production ceases. Quite a number of strategic decisions are involved with the various aspects of the supply chain. In order to manage these various elements, you need the foundational skills that the supply chain MBA attempt to foster. Fully understanding how to match up suppliers, their materials, the amounts available, and the distance that must be traveled to access the goods is what the supply chain MBA typically offers. The supply chain MBA strives to provide you the skills you need to manage the chain of interrelated firms that make up the supply chain, such as the suppliers of sub-assemblies and other components, as well as the suppliers of the suppliers who provide raw materials. The practice of combining new ways of using information and making its ups and downs more easily accessible has led to improved production, accurate and low-cost inventory, steady payment structures, and more effective distribution. The curriculum for the supply chain MBA degree typically involves all of this and more. When determining cost and locations of materials, vigilance is necessary. The ability to rapidly troubleshoot issues is a major requirement of supply chain managers. Changes occur frequently and can have a devastating impact on the business’s finances. So, adaptation must be made quickly in the face of rapid changes in the locations of low cost regions. The supply chain management MBA aims to give students the skills needed to navigate this complex element of the marketplace. Whether you want to build on your current job or make a move to a different level or a different company, earning the MBA in supply chain management will aim to provide you with new skills that could potentially take your work to a greater height. Expertise in supply chain management is an essential component of the world’s economic integrity. Enroll in an MBA program today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Why do girls have a distinct smell when they are on there period? As a legit 6 7 barefoot, would I be referred to as very tall in every country in the world? I accidentally cut my arm off. How do I put it back on? Has anybody lost skin from extreme weight loss without surgery? I’m 13 how to get muscles so I can be cool kid? I got my first period a week ago (i’m 15) I want to start birth control ASAP, can I see a doctor and start it today or do I have to wait? </s>" <s> Why do girls have a distinct smell when they are on there period? As a legit 6 7 barefoot, would I be referred to as very tall in every country in the world? I accidentally cut my arm off. How do I put it back on? Has anybody lost skin from extreme weight loss without surgery? I’m 13 how to get muscles so I can be cool kid? I got my first period a week ago (i’m 15) I want to start birth control ASAP, can I see a doctor and start it today or do I have to wait? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Oaxaca Mexico — The 2nd annual gathering of the Traditional Women Cooks of Oaxaca, officially Encuentro de Cocineras Tradicionales, took place on April 25-28, 2018 in the Plaza de la Danza in Oaxaca. The annual meeting, conference and culinary festival for Oaxaca’s traditional women cooks coincided with the 486th anniversary of the founding of Oaxaca, and included boisterous parades and celebrations around the city. The festival’s culinary program included more than 70 traditional home cooks from Oaxaca's eight regions, preparing hundreds of ancestral recipes passed down from mother to daughter across generations. </s>" <s> Oaxaca Mexico — The 2nd annual gathering of the Traditional Women Cooks of Oaxaca, officially Encuentro de Cocineras Tradicionales, took place on April 25-28, 2018 in the Plaza de la Danza in Oaxaca. The annual meeting, conference and culinary festival for Oaxaca’s traditional women cooks coincided with the 486th anniversary of the founding of Oaxaca, and included boisterous parades and celebrations around the city. The festival’s culinary program included more than 70 traditional home cooks from Oaxaca's eight regions, preparing hundreds of ancestral recipes passed down from mother to daughter across generations. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Jet to the Land of Opportunity and seize a life-changing opportunity to influence the lives of adorable children in a truly remarkable country! Develop a repertoire of incredible skills, meet wonderful people and broaden your horizons whilst working as an Au Pair in the USA! Gain experience living and working in the USA as an Au Pair! Improve your English, broaden your social network and make new friends and travel whilst earning money. Educate yourself in the school of life, whilst enjoying the perks of additional financial benefits, such as minimum weekly stipend paid by your host family of at least $195.75 per week, room and board provided by your host family, two weeks of paid vacation (11 days), $500 Educational allowance to take educational classes at a college or university, round-trip airfare from your home country to the US, as well as accident and sickness insurance. During your time Stateside, why not head plan a US tour to make your friends green with envy? Meander through the magical locations of America; explore the luminous Las Vegas strip, delve into iconic Manhattan and catch the rays whilst riding death-defying rollercoasters in fun-filled Florida! Succumb to your desires and set out on a once-in-a-lifetime adventure! Transform your American dream into an rousing reality with this incredible opportunity to make a difference to others whilst satisfying your craving for air miles! Be able to provide personal and professional references. Complete an application form; this will allow you to rank your skills in order of experience stating with your strongest. Explain how you see yourself transferring your skill(s) to your new role as an Au Pair.You will require to have extensive experience with children, Tell us about it, i.e. how long have you done it for? What level of skill are you at? Have you worked with individual children or groups?**Please note, if your application is unsuccessful at this stage, your application fee will be refunded. Once you are happy with your application, submit it and our friendly staff at HQ will review it and then get in touch with you.As part of the Au Pair program, you are required to interview face to face with a member of the team, therefore, when the time comes to interview and progress you through, we’ll be in contact.We’re extremely flexible when it comes to your availability, just to make your life a little easier.Your interviewer will take you through your application; highlight your strengths and make sure your skills are relevant to the Au Pair program.After your interview, your interviewer may give you a list of recommendations to work on.In the meantime, they will write your interview report which will accompany your application. Once your interview report has been written and we have received and verified your references, application video and host family letter, then it is time for your application to become ‘live’ to host families.• Be prepared for host families to get in touch; make sure you have a Skype account set up as they may wish to interview you further. Remember, you are applying for a job, so be friendly, professional and treat the host family with respect. • This is an essential part of your application; we will not consider your application without one. Try and make your video creative, fun and (most importantly) ensure that it shows off the skills that you have outlined in your application form. We recommend that your video is between 1-2 minutes long, includes a brief introductory section, and then progresses onto your experience with children. You may also include a photo showreel. You are required to submit references to complete your application and we have reference forms available for you to use online. Your references must come from a professional source so, for example, teachers, coaches and employers are all great examples! They cannot come from family or friends and must contain active contact details to enable us to verify the reference. • You must have a new CRB check carried out by Work In The USA. We will inform you how to apply for this once you have been accepted by the US office. • Make sure you see your GP to obtain a medical check; this is required to ensure you are completely covered by our visa sponsor’s insurance policy. If you have any outstanding medical problems please contact us directly for a range of options. • We’ll help you when it comes to booking your embassy appointment online. You will be sent an information pack with everything you need to know. • Make sure you are available to attend your mandatory orientation – this is a Department of State requirement and you must attend in order to participate in the Au Pair program. We’ll send you more information on this at a later time. </s>" <s> Jet to the Land of Opportunity and seize a life-changing opportunity to influence the lives of adorable children in a truly remarkable country! Develop a repertoire of incredible skills, meet wonderful people and broaden your horizons whilst working as an Au Pair in the USA! Gain experience living and working in the USA as an Au Pair! Improve your English, broaden your social network and make new friends and travel whilst earning money. Educate yourself in the school of life, whilst enjoying the perks of additional financial benefits, such as minimum weekly stipend paid by your host family of at least $195.75 per week, room and board provided by your host family, two weeks of paid vacation (11 days), $500 Educational allowance to take educational classes at a college or university, round-trip airfare from your home country to the US, as well as accident and sickness insurance. During your time Stateside, why not head plan a US tour to make your friends green with envy? Meander through the magical locations of America; explore the luminous Las Vegas strip, delve into iconic Manhattan and catch the rays whilst riding death-defying rollercoasters in fun-filled Florida! Succumb to your desires and set out on a once-in-a-lifetime adventure! Transform your American dream into an rousing reality with this incredible opportunity to make a difference to others whilst satisfying your craving for air miles! Be able to provide personal and professional references. Complete an application form; this will allow you to rank your skills in order of experience stating with your strongest. Explain how you see yourself transferring your skill(s) to your new role as an Au Pair.You will require to have extensive experience with children, Tell us about it, i.e. how long have you done it for? What level of skill are you at? Have you worked with individual children or groups?**Please note, if your application is unsuccessful at this stage, your application fee will be refunded. Once you are happy with your application, submit it and our friendly staff at HQ will review it and then get in touch with you.As part of the Au Pair program, you are required to interview face to face with a member of the team, therefore, when the time comes to interview and progress you through, we’ll be in contact.We’re extremely flexible when it comes to your availability, just to make your life a little easier.Your interviewer will take you through your application; highlight your strengths and make sure your skills are relevant to the Au Pair program.After your interview, your interviewer may give you a list of recommendations to work on.In the meantime, they will write your interview report which will accompany your application. Once your interview report has been written and we have received and verified your references, application video and host family letter, then it is time for your application to become ‘live’ to host families.• Be prepared for host families to get in touch; make sure you have a Skype account set up as they may wish to interview you further. Remember, you are applying for a job, so be friendly, professional and treat the host family with respect. • This is an essential part of your application; we will not consider your application without one. Try and make your video creative, fun and (most importantly) ensure that it shows off the skills that you have outlined in your application form. We recommend that your video is between 1-2 minutes long, includes a brief introductory section, and then progresses onto your experience with children. You may also include a photo showreel. You are required to submit references to complete your application and we have reference forms available for you to use online. Your references must come from a professional source so, for example, teachers, coaches and employers are all great examples! They cannot come from family or friends and must contain active contact details to enable us to verify the reference. • You must have a new CRB check carried out by Work In The USA. We will inform you how to apply for this once you have been accepted by the US office. • Make sure you see your GP to obtain a medical check; this is required to ensure you are completely covered by our visa sponsor’s insurance policy. If you have any outstanding medical problems please contact us directly for a range of options. • We’ll help you when it comes to booking your embassy appointment online. You will be sent an information pack with everything you need to know. • Make sure you are available to attend your mandatory orientation – this is a Department of State requirement and you must attend in order to participate in the Au Pair program. We’ll send you more information on this at a later time. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> The Labyrinth was a Third Doctor TV Action comic strip story. It was reprinted in DWCC 25. It was also remixed as a Fourth Doctor comic strip story in the 1977 Doctor Who Winter Special. The Doctor is whisked to a ruined planet and encounters a giant gorilla-like creature who places him in an underground labyrinth. The Doctor has to pass a number of dangerous physical tests before discovering the Time Lords have tricked him into transporting a group of children and their android guardian to a new world. The TARDIS requires marlenium to function. It is never explained how the children of the planet came to be left in the care of their android guardian. David Leach provided colour for the DWCC 25 reprint. </s>" <s> The Labyrinth was a Third Doctor TV Action comic strip story. It was reprinted in DWCC 25. It was also remixed as a Fourth Doctor comic strip story in the 1977 Doctor Who Winter Special. The Doctor is whisked to a ruined planet and encounters a giant gorilla-like creature who places him in an underground labyrinth. The Doctor has to pass a number of dangerous physical tests before discovering the Time Lords have tricked him into transporting a group of children and their android guardian to a new world. The TARDIS requires marlenium to function. It is never explained how the children of the planet came to be left in the care of their android guardian. David Leach provided colour for the DWCC 25 reprint. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Our School council had a fantastic visit to the Houses of Parliament on Monday 22nd January. We learnt about democracy and had a tour of Westminster, visiting both the House of Lords and Commons. During the tour we met Corby MP Tom Pursglove and asked him questions about Corby. We would like to thank everyone who helped fundraise for our trip. </s>" <s> Our School council had a fantastic visit to the Houses of Parliament on Monday 22nd January. We learnt about democracy and had a tour of Westminster, visiting both the House of Lords and Commons. During the tour we met Corby MP Tom Pursglove and asked him questions about Corby. We would like to thank everyone who helped fundraise for our trip. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Berlin High School Principal Todd Spinner greets students and parents at Olentangy High School on Aug. 12. Spinner hosted two sessions for students who will attend Berlin High School for the 2018 to 2019 school year. Students voted their top choices for the district’s fourth high school’s mascot and colors. Olentangy Berlin High School Principal Todd Spinner said he typically concludes his talks to students with a cheer that included the mascot. But he didn’t have that option on Saturday when he met some of his students for the first time at Olentangy High School. “I don’t know what to say because I don’t have something,” Spinner said at one of of two sessions during which students provided feedback on the school’s proposed mascot and colors. The Olentangy Local School District’s fourth high school is expected to be open for the 2018-2019 school year. Spinner greeted students at the high school’s entrance. He wore a white polo in order to not influence students’ selections. “At the end of the day, this is their school,” he said. About 120 students voted on their mobile phones to help select the top three mascots and colors. The district provided 10 options for the mascot and four colors after it surveyed about 2,500 people from its community. The mascot options were the Generals, Express, Bison, Rangers, Buccaneers, Eagles, Bears, Bobcats, Bruins, and Hawks. The color options were black, red, green, and light blue. One of those colors will be paired with the Olentangy Blue, a common color for all schools in the district. Spinner reminded the students that the mascot and colors selected now would be permanent. He said they should consider how the mascot and the colors would sound in a cheer and appear on a uniform. Spinner, Berlin Athletic Director John Betz, and the district leadership team will use the students’ input to select the top three mascots and colors at the Aug. 22 Olentangy Board of Education meeting. The final choices will be announced at the same meeting. Molly Porter, who will be a junior at Berlin, agreed. “We get to set precedence,” she said. Porter attended the meeting with her friend, Morgan McNevin, and Amy McNevin, Morgan’s mother. Porter and McNevin said meeting the principal helped alleviate some fears of changing high schools. The current Olentangy High School students play on the field hockey team and were glad to hear the sport would be available at Berlin. Porter said the Express, or “train,” mascot would be a weird choice. McNevin’s and Porter’s top choices for the mascot were the Bobcats, Bears, and Buccaneers with black and light blue their top color choices. McKinley Hoffmann, another student, said her top choices would be the Generals, Bruins, and Bears. “I think it would hard to stick with a person mascot there,” she added. Hoffmann was more decisive on the colors. </s>" <s> Berlin High School Principal Todd Spinner greets students and parents at Olentangy High School on Aug. 12. Spinner hosted two sessions for students who will attend Berlin High School for the 2018 to 2019 school year. Students voted their top choices for the district’s fourth high school’s mascot and colors. Olentangy Berlin High School Principal Todd Spinner said he typically concludes his talks to students with a cheer that included the mascot. But he didn’t have that option on Saturday when he met some of his students for the first time at Olentangy High School. “I don’t know what to say because I don’t have something,” Spinner said at one of of two sessions during which students provided feedback on the school’s proposed mascot and colors. The Olentangy Local School District’s fourth high school is expected to be open for the 2018-2019 school year. Spinner greeted students at the high school’s entrance. He wore a white polo in order to not influence students’ selections. “At the end of the day, this is their school,” he said. About 120 students voted on their mobile phones to help select the top three mascots and colors. The district provided 10 options for the mascot and four colors after it surveyed about 2,500 people from its community. The mascot options were the Generals, Express, Bison, Rangers, Buccaneers, Eagles, Bears, Bobcats, Bruins, and Hawks. The color options were black, red, green, and light blue. One of those colors will be paired with the Olentangy Blue, a common color for all schools in the district. Spinner reminded the students that the mascot and colors selected now would be permanent. He said they should consider how the mascot and the colors would sound in a cheer and appear on a uniform. Spinner, Berlin Athletic Director John Betz, and the district leadership team will use the students’ input to select the top three mascots and colors at the Aug. 22 Olentangy Board of Education meeting. The final choices will be announced at the same meeting. Molly Porter, who will be a junior at Berlin, agreed. “We get to set precedence,” she said. Porter attended the meeting with her friend, Morgan McNevin, and Amy McNevin, Morgan’s mother. Porter and McNevin said meeting the principal helped alleviate some fears of changing high schools. The current Olentangy High School students play on the field hockey team and were glad to hear the sport would be available at Berlin. Porter said the Express, or “train,” mascot would be a weird choice. McNevin’s and Porter’s top choices for the mascot were the Bobcats, Bears, and Buccaneers with black and light blue their top color choices. McKinley Hoffmann, another student, said her top choices would be the Generals, Bruins, and Bears. “I think it would hard to stick with a person mascot there,” she added. Hoffmann was more decisive on the colors. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> An eclectic collection of markers join a uniquely shaped hand on the dial of this high-performance timepiece from Gucci's G-Timeless collection. Automatic winding is beautifully styled with this rich brown leather strap watch from Tissot's Tradition collection. A stylish skeleton subdial adds a contemporary element to this high-performance Classima watch created by Baume & Mercier. </s>" <s> An eclectic collection of markers join a uniquely shaped hand on the dial of this high-performance timepiece from Gucci's G-Timeless collection. Automatic winding is beautifully styled with this rich brown leather strap watch from Tissot's Tradition collection. A stylish skeleton subdial adds a contemporary element to this high-performance Classima watch created by Baume & Mercier. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Hardik Patel on Thursday stopped consuming water on the sixth day of his indefinite fast. AHMEDABAD: Patidar quota agitation leader Hardik Patel on Thursday stopped consuming water on the sixth day of his indefinite fast. He has been seeking reservation for his community, loan waiver for farmers, and release of his aide Alpesh Kathiria, who was booked in a sedition case. The Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) leader, according to sources, has decided to stop taking water in order to put pressure on the state government as it has not taken any step so far to end the impasse. On Thursday, however, the Gujarat government held a meeting with senior bureaucrats and police officers to find a solution. Both Hardik Patel and the government, sources said, have been waiting for the other to blink first. Chief minister Vijay Rupani and deputy chief minister Nitin Patel on Thursday held a meeting with senior bureaucrats and police officers to take stock of the situation. “We briefed the CM that there is no law and order threat so far due to Hardik’s indefinite fast. However, the government cannot allow anyone to sit on fast-unto-death as per the existing law. So if the doctors advise, the police will have to send him to a hospital,” said a senior official. Meanwhile Hardik Patel, who is now unable to speak and walk properly due to deteriorating health condition, circulated a message on Thursday justifying his demands. “Today is the sixth day of my fast and I have stopped taking water. My fast will continue till the loans of the farmers are waived off and my community gets reservation. Till today, the BJP government has not uttered a single word, neither in the interest of farmers nor for the community,” said Hardik. He further said that his demand of reservation for the community is within the purview of the constitution and every person must fight for his or her rights in the current political scenario. Sources in PAAS said that Hardik is adamant on continuing with his indefinite fast and wait for the government to take the first move. According to sources, the state government is treading cautiously this time as three years ago, on August 25, 2015, it had triggered a law and order problem by asking police to get the GMDC ground evacuated of PAAS supporters. </s>" <s> Hardik Patel on Thursday stopped consuming water on the sixth day of his indefinite fast. AHMEDABAD: Patidar quota agitation leader Hardik Patel on Thursday stopped consuming water on the sixth day of his indefinite fast. He has been seeking reservation for his community, loan waiver for farmers, and release of his aide Alpesh Kathiria, who was booked in a sedition case. The Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) leader, according to sources, has decided to stop taking water in order to put pressure on the state government as it has not taken any step so far to end the impasse. On Thursday, however, the Gujarat government held a meeting with senior bureaucrats and police officers to find a solution. Both Hardik Patel and the government, sources said, have been waiting for the other to blink first. Chief minister Vijay Rupani and deputy chief minister Nitin Patel on Thursday held a meeting with senior bureaucrats and police officers to take stock of the situation. “We briefed the CM that there is no law and order threat so far due to Hardik’s indefinite fast. However, the government cannot allow anyone to sit on fast-unto-death as per the existing law. So if the doctors advise, the police will have to send him to a hospital,” said a senior official. Meanwhile Hardik Patel, who is now unable to speak and walk properly due to deteriorating health condition, circulated a message on Thursday justifying his demands. “Today is the sixth day of my fast and I have stopped taking water. My fast will continue till the loans of the farmers are waived off and my community gets reservation. Till today, the BJP government has not uttered a single word, neither in the interest of farmers nor for the community,” said Hardik. He further said that his demand of reservation for the community is within the purview of the constitution and every person must fight for his or her rights in the current political scenario. Sources in PAAS said that Hardik is adamant on continuing with his indefinite fast and wait for the government to take the first move. According to sources, the state government is treading cautiously this time as three years ago, on August 25, 2015, it had triggered a law and order problem by asking police to get the GMDC ground evacuated of PAAS supporters. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> A look at the women directors, producers, technicians, editors, writers and stunt women who have helped shape the history of the movies, from 1896 to the present day. This book looks at the first wave of women in creative and influential positions, before 1920, and the second wave in force tody. foreword by Judith Crist ; afterword by Marc Wanamaker. A 'Frederick Ungar' book. xxvi, 374 p. : illustrations ; 26 cm. Clean, bright, interior, unmarked. Tight, square binding, no spine ctreasing. Sl;ight wear to corner tips of the wrappers. We ship Worldwide, use both Canada Post and the United States Postal Service, and offer postal charges based on our actual costs, without overcharging. This item weighs 718g unpacked. Canadian domestic postal rates rise with weight, size and distance; Rates to the USA calculated by weight alone as per the USPS. World rates are based on specific destination and weight. Online estimates by the Listing Site may not be correct and either additional, or reduced postage may be required, particularly for Canadian and Overseas shipments, but not usually to the USA. Questions? Explanations? Need an image! Please email. </s>" <s> A look at the women directors, producers, technicians, editors, writers and stunt women who have helped shape the history of the movies, from 1896 to the present day. This book looks at the first wave of women in creative and influential positions, before 1920, and the second wave in force tody. foreword by Judith Crist ; afterword by Marc Wanamaker. A 'Frederick Ungar' book. xxvi, 374 p. : illustrations ; 26 cm. Clean, bright, interior, unmarked. Tight, square binding, no spine ctreasing. Sl;ight wear to corner tips of the wrappers. We ship Worldwide, use both Canada Post and the United States Postal Service, and offer postal charges based on our actual costs, without overcharging. This item weighs 718g unpacked. Canadian domestic postal rates rise with weight, size and distance; Rates to the USA calculated by weight alone as per the USPS. World rates are based on specific destination and weight. Online estimates by the Listing Site may not be correct and either additional, or reduced postage may be required, particularly for Canadian and Overseas shipments, but not usually to the USA. Questions? Explanations? Need an image! Please email. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> And the searching of your ways. The next session is 3rd February – Bradford on Avon – Christchurch, all are welcome – multi faith and reflective. If you have 45 minutes I would urge you to go. The tour – the experience, has come to an end. It has been a life changing experience, that we could walk the distance was never in doubt, even less as day after day my body developed energy and strength associated to a time in the past. Myrtle and I had a routine and we stuck to it religiously, that helps and so to – and this has been one of the greatest thrills is working with a wide team – who worked together in a way that they had not before – across community engagement – (Steve Dale and Louise Clapton)- PR and Communications (Jen Steele, Ali Wilkins, Hollie Gale, Matt Carter, Biddy Walcott ( with her famous film production son, George Hopkins) and fundraising (Don Kennedy, Emily Knight, Verity Clark, Yvonne Brunton, Henrietta Beard, Phillippa Watson) and quiz master, Paul Hewitt. The band of volunteers who drove the car from A to B, the retail teams who stayed behind and horrors, even had their photos taken, and the 71 walkers who accompanied me. Thank you to Tara at Weston Village who stayed open until 17.20 on Friday as Myrtle and I romped across town to fulfil our promise to walk to every shop within our area – Salisbury I am sorry , you will have to be next year!! I am minded that one of the key effects – and I had nothing to do with this – has been to help gel/bond a well oiled professional, well rehearsed team. No one can underestimate the work that went behind the morning and evening community meetings, the breadth of media coverage for Dorothy House, the physical engagement with hard to reach communities, the chance to celebrate, to cheer, to explain how DH wants to engage support and enable. To work with our community and to empower and not to dominate them. None of this would have happened or have been possible without the willingness of the teams to work together in such a professional and commendable manner...we should all thank them. They delivered the effect and impact, Myrtle and I just had to walk and that was the easy part. Thank you all for your direct support and companionship. As always it’s the notable absence of others, which is always commented upon, intriguing, but that is the world we live in – we are all busy. I also hear on the grapevine that the ‘Blake’ evening, led and organised by the Malmesbury friends, nurtured by Phillippa and Ambassador Andrew Roberts, may have generated even more funds – so in truth on Friday evening, the teams had a great night – thank you. Friday was a happy and a sad day. Happy as we might get a lie in, sad because we all had heavy heads from the Thursday party at Timbrells yard. The world appeared, many because the round was on me, but we had fun and a few dances on a beer mat. The choice of music was a bit weird, has anyone else heard of spotify? The walkers stayed, the wives, husbands and children appeared...what fun. Fortunately I discovered the credit card key in my wallet, the one a pub swaps for your card as one creates a bar tab and I was able to recover it on Saturday, before I went shopping to Sainsbury’s. Humbug (Ben Prater’s Hound and Myrtle) realised they don’t do sharing, something we have in common. Thank you to you all for coming and making it so special. Friday continued- heavy head but routine followed. We met St Margaret’s Surgery and Michelle Donelan the Chippenham MP (hats off she really supports the Hospice), we had a great two hours – cake and tea, but the real focus was on their social prescribing and community engagement, the room hummed. I left focused on the journey ahead, mind racing with new ideas and concepts...so much to do, only to return, as yet again Myrtle and I had left something behind. My mother use to say if you leave something behind it’s because one wants to return, in my case its becoming rather repetitive. The band of merry walkers well dressed and prepared, met outside Bradford on Avon. Departing at an eager pace we receive abuse early in the adventure as Myrtle and I sought to take a short cut, because every metre counts, failing to cross by the pedestrian crossing...luckily I remembered I was branded from my head to toe, so I apologised profusely, scrambled ignominiously across the road, regained my pride and off we went. When we were training for this walk , I remember writing a blog about who owns the right of way along the pathway....barges (obviously not as they are or should be in the water), walkers absolutely because we are in control and on our feet, cyclists with bells...perhaps...but cyclists without bells (although they holler “ping ping”) never...absolutely not. Indeed one cyclist crashed into me – it was probably my fault as I was looking at my phone. “see and he is on his phone” she shouted, in my defence I was not- well I was checking the time, but the cycling group well dressed with flashing lights... (what’s 20 cyclist called charging one behind the other?) – were in no mood for a discussion and anyway they were much bigger than us, although how I avoided that accidental stumble and push I will never know. Myrtle decided to do a final dart in front of her, but alas the cyclists got away. One thing canals have are pubs a plenty, so we have learnt to pace and select. We arrived at the bottom of DH Santa Dash Hill much earlier than anticipated, so we went to the Cross Guns at Avoncliff. What we love about walking groups is their drink selection ...latte, light, double mix, decaff with a twist and double shot and Gin. How I love the Gin selectors – 11.30 totally acceptable. Finished and refreshed we climb the hill, some faster than others, we passed an individual who wants to buy one of our pink bibs...buy.. how strange? No-one could have been more touched than us by the welcome we received at Winsley. Thank you all, including the cake and tea, (but no sausage rolls – but congratulations on the coffee award catering team) . Tick Tock – time is passing as Ali has booked three on the go interviews and we have a promise to get to Weston Village come hell or high water. Our Sandwiches devoured, a new selection, well same selection but fresh not three days old. George films with a drone, we all wonder at his dexterity and skills, how does anyone fly and film at the same time and he is not even an Apache pilot. We hit the canal and attain various speeds along the way, Hannah Rudd, discreetly produces her sat nav – no mistakes in this area will be tolerated. We are all tired but she shrugs off the pressure with aplomb and a ready smile and cheeks bright with sun. We head off with confidence via short cuts. The temperature has dropped distinctly, there is a real chill, the sun has set and a light but cold mist hits us all and simply encourages us all to walk faster. Morrison’s and Bath Furniture, a great week, well done and then it was head down into Weston Village. We got there and a passer by kindly took the final photo of the tour and simply said ‘and thank you for looking after my sister’ it does not get better than that. The adventure came to an end at the ‘Pig and Fiddle.’ How Don organised the event I will never know, a previous life, expertise, relationships and simply a zip. We were entertained by ‘Bite the Buffalo’ https://www.blu.com/en/GB/blog/bite-the-buffalo/get-to-know-bite-the-buffalo/get-to-know-bite-the-buffalo.html. The evening as others hummed with real excitement...thank you, Don. It has come to an end and now we need to build on the wide and various relationships and publicity that we as a team have generated. It’s really exciting, there is much to do, but do you know you will do it and do it in spades. There is nothing like Dorothy House, you are awesome. Signing off and thank you all for reading and supporting us through our adventure. It’s been a great experience. </s>" <s> And the searching of your ways. The next session is 3rd February – Bradford on Avon – Christchurch, all are welcome – multi faith and reflective. If you have 45 minutes I would urge you to go. The tour – the experience, has come to an end. It has been a life changing experience, that we could walk the distance was never in doubt, even less as day after day my body developed energy and strength associated to a time in the past. Myrtle and I had a routine and we stuck to it religiously, that helps and so to – and this has been one of the greatest thrills is working with a wide team – who worked together in a way that they had not before – across community engagement – (Steve Dale and Louise Clapton)- PR and Communications (Jen Steele, Ali Wilkins, Hollie Gale, Matt Carter, Biddy Walcott ( with her famous film production son, George Hopkins) and fundraising (Don Kennedy, Emily Knight, Verity Clark, Yvonne Brunton, Henrietta Beard, Phillippa Watson) and quiz master, Paul Hewitt. The band of volunteers who drove the car from A to B, the retail teams who stayed behind and horrors, even had their photos taken, and the 71 walkers who accompanied me. Thank you to Tara at Weston Village who stayed open until 17.20 on Friday as Myrtle and I romped across town to fulfil our promise to walk to every shop within our area – Salisbury I am sorry , you will have to be next year!! I am minded that one of the key effects – and I had nothing to do with this – has been to help gel/bond a well oiled professional, well rehearsed team. No one can underestimate the work that went behind the morning and evening community meetings, the breadth of media coverage for Dorothy House, the physical engagement with hard to reach communities, the chance to celebrate, to cheer, to explain how DH wants to engage support and enable. To work with our community and to empower and not to dominate them. None of this would have happened or have been possible without the willingness of the teams to work together in such a professional and commendable manner...we should all thank them. They delivered the effect and impact, Myrtle and I just had to walk and that was the easy part. Thank you all for your direct support and companionship. As always it’s the notable absence of others, which is always commented upon, intriguing, but that is the world we live in – we are all busy. I also hear on the grapevine that the ‘Blake’ evening, led and organised by the Malmesbury friends, nurtured by Phillippa and Ambassador Andrew Roberts, may have generated even more funds – so in truth on Friday evening, the teams had a great night – thank you. Friday was a happy and a sad day. Happy as we might get a lie in, sad because we all had heavy heads from the Thursday party at Timbrells yard. The world appeared, many because the round was on me, but we had fun and a few dances on a beer mat. The choice of music was a bit weird, has anyone else heard of spotify? The walkers stayed, the wives, husbands and children appeared...what fun. Fortunately I discovered the credit card key in my wallet, the one a pub swaps for your card as one creates a bar tab and I was able to recover it on Saturday, before I went shopping to Sainsbury’s. Humbug (Ben Prater’s Hound and Myrtle) realised they don’t do sharing, something we have in common. Thank you to you all for coming and making it so special. Friday continued- heavy head but routine followed. We met St Margaret’s Surgery and Michelle Donelan the Chippenham MP (hats off she really supports the Hospice), we had a great two hours – cake and tea, but the real focus was on their social prescribing and community engagement, the room hummed. I left focused on the journey ahead, mind racing with new ideas and concepts...so much to do, only to return, as yet again Myrtle and I had left something behind. My mother use to say if you leave something behind it’s because one wants to return, in my case its becoming rather repetitive. The band of merry walkers well dressed and prepared, met outside Bradford on Avon. Departing at an eager pace we receive abuse early in the adventure as Myrtle and I sought to take a short cut, because every metre counts, failing to cross by the pedestrian crossing...luckily I remembered I was branded from my head to toe, so I apologised profusely, scrambled ignominiously across the road, regained my pride and off we went. When we were training for this walk , I remember writing a blog about who owns the right of way along the pathway....barges (obviously not as they are or should be in the water), walkers absolutely because we are in control and on our feet, cyclists with bells...perhaps...but cyclists without bells (although they holler “ping ping”) never...absolutely not. Indeed one cyclist crashed into me – it was probably my fault as I was looking at my phone. “see and he is on his phone” she shouted, in my defence I was not- well I was checking the time, but the cycling group well dressed with flashing lights... (what’s 20 cyclist called charging one behind the other?) – were in no mood for a discussion and anyway they were much bigger than us, although how I avoided that accidental stumble and push I will never know. Myrtle decided to do a final dart in front of her, but alas the cyclists got away. One thing canals have are pubs a plenty, so we have learnt to pace and select. We arrived at the bottom of DH Santa Dash Hill much earlier than anticipated, so we went to the Cross Guns at Avoncliff. What we love about walking groups is their drink selection ...latte, light, double mix, decaff with a twist and double shot and Gin. How I love the Gin selectors – 11.30 totally acceptable. Finished and refreshed we climb the hill, some faster than others, we passed an individual who wants to buy one of our pink bibs...buy.. how strange? No-one could have been more touched than us by the welcome we received at Winsley. Thank you all, including the cake and tea, (but no sausage rolls – but congratulations on the coffee award catering team) . Tick Tock – time is passing as Ali has booked three on the go interviews and we have a promise to get to Weston Village come hell or high water. Our Sandwiches devoured, a new selection, well same selection but fresh not three days old. George films with a drone, we all wonder at his dexterity and skills, how does anyone fly and film at the same time and he is not even an Apache pilot. We hit the canal and attain various speeds along the way, Hannah Rudd, discreetly produces her sat nav – no mistakes in this area will be tolerated. We are all tired but she shrugs off the pressure with aplomb and a ready smile and cheeks bright with sun. We head off with confidence via short cuts. The temperature has dropped distinctly, there is a real chill, the sun has set and a light but cold mist hits us all and simply encourages us all to walk faster. Morrison’s and Bath Furniture, a great week, well done and then it was head down into Weston Village. We got there and a passer by kindly took the final photo of the tour and simply said ‘and thank you for looking after my sister’ it does not get better than that. The adventure came to an end at the ‘Pig and Fiddle.’ How Don organised the event I will never know, a previous life, expertise, relationships and simply a zip. We were entertained by ‘Bite the Buffalo’ https://www.blu.com/en/GB/blog/bite-the-buffalo/get-to-know-bite-the-buffalo/get-to-know-bite-the-buffalo.html. The evening as others hummed with real excitement...thank you, Don. It has come to an end and now we need to build on the wide and various relationships and publicity that we as a team have generated. It’s really exciting, there is much to do, but do you know you will do it and do it in spades. There is nothing like Dorothy House, you are awesome. Signing off and thank you all for reading and supporting us through our adventure. It’s been a great experience. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> CPEP is committed to help you prepare, effectively, for the Canadian Evaluating Exam. Each course has been developed based on PEBC Evaluating Exam syllabus. A set of 20 multiple choice questions designed following PEBC MCQ format is available, for FREE, at the end of each course to test your understanding of the course content. You have at your fingertips a wealth of valuable information and a unique opportunity to self-test!! Click on Course Catalog to start!! Biochemistry/Molecular Biology/Genetics, Clinical Chemistry/Microbiology and Drug Delivery Systems courses will be posted shortly!!! </s>" <s> CPEP is committed to help you prepare, effectively, for the Canadian Evaluating Exam. Each course has been developed based on PEBC Evaluating Exam syllabus. A set of 20 multiple choice questions designed following PEBC MCQ format is available, for FREE, at the end of each course to test your understanding of the course content. You have at your fingertips a wealth of valuable information and a unique opportunity to self-test!! Click on Course Catalog to start!! Biochemistry/Molecular Biology/Genetics, Clinical Chemistry/Microbiology and Drug Delivery Systems courses will be posted shortly!!! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Happy New Year, my vintage vultures! Aren't you glad 2016 is over?! I know I am. The holiday season was hectic AF. Things are quieter now and I can finally chill and breathe again. So, Better Homes & Gardens had a photoshoot at our home right before Christmas. Yep, it happened and I still can't believe it. We're gonna be featured in a magazine. Eek! Watch out, Nate Berkus! Lol. It went really well. I can't wait for it to come out and share it with you guys! After taking some much needed time to rest, recharge, and reevaluate some things, I decided to give Old Brand New a redesign. There are still some tweaking to be made but I couldn't wait to hit the live button! What do you guys think? I really want to make this a fun and vibrant site for everyone. If I had to pick one resolution, it's #MakeBlogsGreatAgain. Haha. Seriously. I know my blog has recently been leaning towards featuring only works with brands but I'm gonna change it up again. I want to make this blog resourceful, fun, and creative on top of the sponsored content. Anywho, let's check out our new bedroom, shall we?! We redid our room because it was starting to smell rancid. We have two pups who sleep with us in the room and Luigi — out of nowhere — started marking his territories. He doesn't pee on rugs, strangely, so I guess he hates carpet as much as we do. We finally replaced the grimy carpet with dark and durable bamboo floors. We got them from Lumber Liquidators for $2.79/sq.ft. Our bedroom is about 235 sq.ft. so we ordered 13 boxes. The labor cost us about $1450, so the total came out to be about $2300. It was totally worth it. Luigi no longer pees in the room and it smells like jasmine again. Thank goodness! The walls were then painted with my favorite Sherwin Williams' Snowbound. And for the accent wall, I went with Justina's ""Aja"" wallpaper. Our bedroom always felt a bit blah to us but now, it's so rich and lush! Wallpaper is where it's at, folks! It's my first time doing it and I'm addicted! I want to put it everywhere. We didn't stop there. I swapped out my heartmate's reclaimed bed frame for this gorgeous patchwork cane bed from Anthropologie. It was on sale and I couldn't pass it up. Brutalist-style nighstands are from Overstock. And my beloved Y-bench is back! I shipped the legs from LA and got a new piece of live-edge wood slab for them. I just can't get enough of this gorgeous wallpaper and my favorite part is this outlet. It's so cute! </s>" <s> Happy New Year, my vintage vultures! Aren't you glad 2016 is over?! I know I am. The holiday season was hectic AF. Things are quieter now and I can finally chill and breathe again. So, Better Homes & Gardens had a photoshoot at our home right before Christmas. Yep, it happened and I still can't believe it. We're gonna be featured in a magazine. Eek! Watch out, Nate Berkus! Lol. It went really well. I can't wait for it to come out and share it with you guys! After taking some much needed time to rest, recharge, and reevaluate some things, I decided to give Old Brand New a redesign. There are still some tweaking to be made but I couldn't wait to hit the live button! What do you guys think? I really want to make this a fun and vibrant site for everyone. If I had to pick one resolution, it's #MakeBlogsGreatAgain. Haha. Seriously. I know my blog has recently been leaning towards featuring only works with brands but I'm gonna change it up again. I want to make this blog resourceful, fun, and creative on top of the sponsored content. Anywho, let's check out our new bedroom, shall we?! We redid our room because it was starting to smell rancid. We have two pups who sleep with us in the room and Luigi — out of nowhere — started marking his territories. He doesn't pee on rugs, strangely, so I guess he hates carpet as much as we do. We finally replaced the grimy carpet with dark and durable bamboo floors. We got them from Lumber Liquidators for $2.79/sq.ft. Our bedroom is about 235 sq.ft. so we ordered 13 boxes. The labor cost us about $1450, so the total came out to be about $2300. It was totally worth it. Luigi no longer pees in the room and it smells like jasmine again. Thank goodness! The walls were then painted with my favorite Sherwin Williams' Snowbound. And for the accent wall, I went with Justina's """Aja""" wallpaper. Our bedroom always felt a bit blah to us but now, it's so rich and lush! Wallpaper is where it's at, folks! It's my first time doing it and I'm addicted! I want to put it everywhere. We didn't stop there. I swapped out my heartmate's reclaimed bed frame for this gorgeous patchwork cane bed from Anthropologie. It was on sale and I couldn't pass it up. Brutalist-style nighstands are from Overstock. And my beloved Y-bench is back! I shipped the legs from LA and got a new piece of live-edge wood slab for them. I just can't get enough of this gorgeous wallpaper and my favorite part is this outlet. It's so cute! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The gender binary has long thrived in the world of fashion. Fashion retail, like so many other spheres of society, has reflected society&apos;s dogged affinity for gender definitions as long as anyone can remember. Stores are gendered, with separate apparel for men and women, which is then divided into separate sections, or even floors, with their own gender-specific fitting rooms. The result is that for many shoppers, particularly transgender and gender nonconforming people, shopping is a problem. The clothing that culture says one should buy is not the clothing that feels right. But that is changing as fashion boldly plows through those strict gender lines — and the rest of society should be taking note of how they&apos;re doing it. Hemmed in by clothing categories: When it comes to clothing for trans and gender nonconforming shoppers, one problem is fit. ""Trans bodies sometimes don&apos;t fit into the off-the-rack styles and sizes the majority of the public is able to make use of,"" transgender issues essayist Parker Molloy told Mic. ""While this isn&apos;t exactly unique to trans people, as cisgender [non-trans] people come in all shapes and sizes as well, it&apos;s particularly frustrating to learn that your hips are too narrow, shoulders too wide, breasts too small and so on, when looking for clothes."" That said, bodies have almost always been able to find clothes to wear, as centuries of transgressive outfits and cross-dressing have proven. The second and bigger challenge is finding the clothes that actually fit a person&apos;s identity. ""Clothes dictate what should be labeled &apos;male&apos; or &apos;female,&apos;"" said Lauren Lubin, author and producer of the documentary We Exist. Dresses, heels and jewelry for women and suits, ties and button-down shirts for men: There aren&apos;t strict guidelines, but they are undoubtedly sartorial signposts. Those signposts set potentially damaging expectations. ""The pressures to express and behave according to an unfair and outdated standard of gender roles or face social consequences,"" writes Christin Scarlett Milloy on Slate, can make selecting clothing a fraught activity. ""Retail therapy"" is anything but therapeutic: Those traditional gender expectations can turn shopping into an uncomfortable experience for trans and gender nonconforming folks. Weird stares, cruel sales associates and awkward dressing room experiences make the process of picking the ""right"" clothing even tougher. Kylie Jack is just one woman who experienced harassment in a lingerie shop while shopping for bras. Macy&apos;s also found itself in the spotlight for refusing to let a transgender woman use a ladies&apos; fitting room. Other stores have ambiguous dressing room policies, as Styleite uncovered when it inquired into the dressing room policies of six major retailers. ""Most of the world can grab an outfit off the shelf, step into a dressing room and check out without too much of an issue,"" said Molloy. ""Many trans people have to worry about whether they&apos;ll be yelled at, humiliated or kicked out of a store simply for trying to use the dressing room."" But a cultural shift is underway: There is a noticeable change happening to the gendering of clothes, at both the DIY and retail levels. Efforts of shoppers to take matters into their own hands are evident in trans clothing swaps and online dialogue on Quora threads, blogs and subreddits like transfashionadvice, all crowdsourcing advice on how to find clothes that fit. On the retail level, clothing lines are taking a more nuanced approach to masculinity and femininity. Marimacho, a Brooklyn-based line highlighted by PBS earlier this year, makes menswear for the ""unconventionally masculine"" customer. Bindle and Keep, also based in Brooklyn, designs custom suits that have found unexpected fans in transgender shoppers who appreciate the customization. These clothing lines turn up on sites like Dapper Q, which bills itself ""a queer fashion revolution."" And more mainstream fashion brands have taken note and begun casting more and more transgender and gender nonconforming models to sell their wares. But there&apos;s more to retail than just reshaping clothing — it&apos;s the entire shopping experience, which requires welcoming retail spaces that don&apos;t force people to pick limiting categories simply by walking through the door. Thankfully, progress is arriving on that front, too. More stores, such as H&M and Urban Outfitters, have expressly unisex fitting room policies, and tellingly, the aforementioned Macy&apos;s dressing room incident ended with the firing of the discriminating employee. It&apos;s an encouraging response to a problem that runs much deeper than shopping. It&apos;s about the experience of occupying public spaces comfortably in general, something too many trans and gender nonconforming people still don&apos;t have. Doing away with the antiquated binary system in fashion is just one modest step to eradicating the confining gender definitions that govern so much of life, from kids&apos; toys to college housing to public bathrooms to even Facebook profiles. And while unisex clothing and dressing rooms are a positive development, the real goal isn&apos;t gender blindness so much as the recognition of gender fluidity and validating the freedom for individuals to self-identify. It&apos;s about, you might say, making acceptance the new black. </s>" <s> The gender binary has long thrived in the world of fashion. Fashion retail, like so many other spheres of society, has reflected society&apos;s dogged affinity for gender definitions as long as anyone can remember. Stores are gendered, with separate apparel for men and women, which is then divided into separate sections, or even floors, with their own gender-specific fitting rooms. The result is that for many shoppers, particularly transgender and gender nonconforming people, shopping is a problem. The clothing that culture says one should buy is not the clothing that feels right. But that is changing as fashion boldly plows through those strict gender lines — and the rest of society should be taking note of how they&apos;re doing it. Hemmed in by clothing categories: When it comes to clothing for trans and gender nonconforming shoppers, one problem is fit. """Trans" bodies sometimes don&apos;t fit into the off-the-rack styles and sizes the majority of the public is able to make use "of,""" transgender issues essayist Parker Molloy told Mic. """While" this isn&apos;t exactly unique to trans people, as cisgender [non-trans] people come in all shapes and sizes as well, it&apos;s particularly frustrating to learn that your hips are too narrow, shoulders too wide, breasts too small and so on, when looking for "clothes.""" That said, bodies have almost always been able to find clothes to wear, as centuries of transgressive outfits and cross-dressing have proven. The second and bigger challenge is finding the clothes that actually fit a person&apos;s identity. """Clothes" dictate what should be labeled &apos;male&apos; or "&apos;female,&apos;""" said Lauren Lubin, author and producer of the documentary We Exist. Dresses, heels and jewelry for women and suits, ties and button-down shirts for men: There aren&apos;t strict guidelines, but they are undoubtedly sartorial signposts. Those signposts set potentially damaging expectations. """The" pressures to express and behave according to an unfair and outdated standard of gender roles or face social "consequences,""" writes Christin Scarlett Milloy on Slate, can make selecting clothing a fraught activity. """Retail" "therapy""" is anything but therapeutic: Those traditional gender expectations can turn shopping into an uncomfortable experience for trans and gender nonconforming folks. Weird stares, cruel sales associates and awkward dressing room experiences make the process of picking the """right""" clothing even tougher. Kylie Jack is just one woman who experienced harassment in a lingerie shop while shopping for bras. Macy&apos;s also found itself in the spotlight for refusing to let a transgender woman use a ladies&apos; fitting room. Other stores have ambiguous dressing room policies, as Styleite uncovered when it inquired into the dressing room policies of six major retailers. """Most" of the world can grab an outfit off the shelf, step into a dressing room and check out without too much of an "issue,""" said Molloy. """Many" trans people have to worry about whether they&apos;ll be yelled at, humiliated or kicked out of a store simply for trying to use the dressing "room.""" But a cultural shift is underway: There is a noticeable change happening to the gendering of clothes, at both the DIY and retail levels. Efforts of shoppers to take matters into their own hands are evident in trans clothing swaps and online dialogue on Quora threads, blogs and subreddits like transfashionadvice, all crowdsourcing advice on how to find clothes that fit. On the retail level, clothing lines are taking a more nuanced approach to masculinity and femininity. Marimacho, a Brooklyn-based line highlighted by PBS earlier this year, makes menswear for the """unconventionally" "masculine""" customer. Bindle and Keep, also based in Brooklyn, designs custom suits that have found unexpected fans in transgender shoppers who appreciate the customization. These clothing lines turn up on sites like Dapper Q, which bills itself """a" queer fashion "revolution.""" And more mainstream fashion brands have taken note and begun casting more and more transgender and gender nonconforming models to sell their wares. But there&apos;s more to retail than just reshaping clothing — it&apos;s the entire shopping experience, which requires welcoming retail spaces that don&apos;t force people to pick limiting categories simply by walking through the door. Thankfully, progress is arriving on that front, too. More stores, such as H&M and Urban Outfitters, have expressly unisex fitting room policies, and tellingly, the aforementioned Macy&apos;s dressing room incident ended with the firing of the discriminating employee. It&apos;s an encouraging response to a problem that runs much deeper than shopping. It&apos;s about the experience of occupying public spaces comfortably in general, something too many trans and gender nonconforming people still don&apos;t have. Doing away with the antiquated binary system in fashion is just one modest step to eradicating the confining gender definitions that govern so much of life, from kids&apos; toys to college housing to public bathrooms to even Facebook profiles. And while unisex clothing and dressing rooms are a positive development, the real goal isn&apos;t gender blindness so much as the recognition of gender fluidity and validating the freedom for individuals to self-identify. It&apos;s about, you might say, making acceptance the new black. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> In Fairfax County in Northern Virginia, McLean is the most expensive ZIP code in the Washington metropolitan area. Located between the George Washington Parkway and the town of Vienna, the area is known for its many upscale homes, as well as for its high-end shopping, such as at the nearby Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria. McLean is home to many diplomats, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials because of its proximity to Washington, D.C. The headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency are located in the Langley area of McLean and the headquarters of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence is also located in McLean. The Department of Transportation's Turner-Fairbank Highway Research Center is also located down the street from the CIA headquarters. Many major corporations have offices located in McLean. Fairfax County schools are highly regarded in national and state rankings. US News ranks Langley and McLean High Schools 2nd and 4th in the state. Private schools in McLean include parochial schools in the Catholic Diocese of Arlington, as well as The Langley School (K-8), The Potomac School (K-12) and The Madeira School (9-12). McLean is adjacent to Tysons Corner Center – the largest shopping mall in the Baltimore-Washington area. Notable retailers include L.L.Bean, Lulu Lemon, Nordstrom and Sephora. Two neighboring upscale shopping centers include Tysons Galleria (Neiman Marcus, Saks, The Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Cartier, Prada) and Fairfax Square (Tiffany, Hermes). Dining establishments in McLean satisfy every desire from Pinkberry to Palm to Cheesecake Factory and from Wildfire to J. Gilbert’s Wood-Fired Steaks & Seafood to Miyagi. </s>" <s> In Fairfax County in Northern Virginia, McLean is the most expensive ZIP code in the Washington metropolitan area. Located between the George Washington Parkway and the town of Vienna, the area is known for its many upscale homes, as well as for its high-end shopping, such as at the nearby Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria. McLean is home to many diplomats, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials because of its proximity to Washington, D.C. The headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency are located in the Langley area of McLean and the headquarters of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence is also located in McLean. The Department of Transportation's Turner-Fairbank Highway Research Center is also located down the street from the CIA headquarters. Many major corporations have offices located in McLean. Fairfax County schools are highly regarded in national and state rankings. US News ranks Langley and McLean High Schools 2nd and 4th in the state. Private schools in McLean include parochial schools in the Catholic Diocese of Arlington, as well as The Langley School (K-8), The Potomac School (K-12) and The Madeira School (9-12). McLean is adjacent to Tysons Corner Center – the largest shopping mall in the Baltimore-Washington area. Notable retailers include L.L.Bean, Lulu Lemon, Nordstrom and Sephora. Two neighboring upscale shopping centers include Tysons Galleria (Neiman Marcus, Saks, The Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Cartier, Prada) and Fairfax Square (Tiffany, Hermes). Dining establishments in McLean satisfy every desire from Pinkberry to Palm to Cheesecake Factory and from Wildfire to J. Gilbert’s Wood-Fired Steaks & Seafood to Miyagi. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> About Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. We at Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. invite you to explore the picturesque communities of the coastal South Shore - an area we fondly refer to as the ""Gold Coast"" between Boston and Cape Cod. Starting from the north, they include the communities of Hingham, Hull, Cohasset, Scituate, Norwell, Marshfield and Duxbury. Together they comprise a breathtaking stretch of ocean and river coastline that is home to some of the finest real estate in New England. Boasting stunning ocean beaches, peaceful rivers, expansive salt marshes, beautiful open spaces, woodland parks, quaint New England villages, scenic harbors, gorgeous vistas, centuries of history and, of course, the fabled four seasons, the region beckons buyers from many areas of the country and beyond as a place to call HOME! Located within an easy commute to the Boston Metro Area (with highways and public transportation), these communities champion that ""vacation ambiance"" while providing its residents with great schools and a high, year round quality of life. Selling luxury properties along the ""Gold Coast"" is as much about selling that ""year round vacation lifestyle"" as it is about selling the intrinsic benefits of the community and the physical aspects of the property. If you are searching for a single-family home, a new condo, a vacant parcel or tract of land (to develop, subdivide or build your dream home), a second home, vacation getaway or a special investment property - we’ve got you covered! Our company is well known and regarded as one of the region's premier waterfront and water view real estate and property specialists. Our firm has participated in the sale of many signature properties along the South Shore. If you’re in the market to sell or buy property, whether it be oceanfront, ocean view, riverfront, river view, marsh front, marsh view, harbor front, harbor view, pond front, pond view, beachfront, walk to beach or one that gives you the feeling of being “near the shore” - we can help! Coastal living is as much a “state of mind” as it is a physical place, so our market area and reach covers a vast range of property types, prices, styles, etc. There’s something here for just about every buyer in search of living by the water an environment to enjoy seaside living at its finest - and all within convenient reach of downtown Boston and Cape Cod. Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. is a full service boutique style real estate firm centrally located in the coastal region of Boston's South Shore. We cover the communities of Scituate, Cohasset, Norwell, Marshfield, Duxbury, Hull and Hingham and the surrounding area. The company was incorporated in July 2002 by David S. Drinkwater, an experienced veteran of the real estate industry and Mary-Ellen (Meehan) Drinkwater, who has over 22 years of experience in the Corporate Finance profession, with 10 of those years as an executive officer. In addition to being actively involved in listing and selling property on a full time basis, David has spent a significant amount of volunteer time serving the local, state and national Realtor organization. In addition in recent years, David has expanded his volunteer service in support of helping homeless individuals and families get back on their feet and into the work force. Mary-Ellen utilizes her financial, managerial, customer service and organizational skills to differentiate Grand Gables from all other companies in the industry. Since before the start of this Millenium, advances in technology have significantly impacted the way in which information is disseminated in our society. Online searches and email have created new methods of communication that have literally transformed business practices for many industries, with real estate brokerage certainly at or near the top of that list. Consumers have access to information regarding properties for sale that they never had before, all within a touch of a few buttons, from the convenience and privacy of their own homes and without having to contact anyone by phone. This has brought a tremendous convenience to both buyers and sellers throughout the world and as a result, their methods of research and shopping patterns have changed significantly. We at Grand Gables have realized the power that advancing technologies have brought to our industry and the marketplace and take pride in being on the cutting edge of bringing the best technology tools to bear in our practice of serving our clients and customers. Through the tools available on our web site, buyers and sellers can search through active real estate listings offered through the multiple listing service to better educate them on the current market. In addition, we employ a high, visual component in marketing our listings; just tour ""Our Featured Listings"" on the site and see what we mean. In addition, Grand Gables can offer an enhanced presence on a number of key web sites including www.realtor.com - the official web site of the National Association of Realtors®. The Grand Gables ONLINE marketing reach extends well beyond Realtor.com and includes a variety of major search engines used by consumers searching for property in our area, including www.Zillow.com, www.Trulia.com , www.Homes.com and of course the region’s premier newspaper publication, www.Boston.com (to name a few). Over the years, we have tracked our leads so we can bring you exposure and connections through the web portals that have brought us the most success. In July 2015, based on our extensive local community perspective and connections along with our solid reputation for exceptional service and results, Grand Gables was invited to join the Global Luxury Real Estate Marketing Group known as “Who’s Who in Luxury Real Estate” – an international network of brokers represent luxury properties worldwide through their web portal – www.LuxuryRealEstate.com. These sites consistently maintain some of the highest volumes of Internet traffic than other web portals of their kind in the real estate industry. These are the sites which consumers search regularly for real estate and therefore, these sites are where you want your home to be displayed! Speaking of the impact that advances in technology has had on our industry, the explosion of Social Media as a communication vehicle is transforming our industry on a daily basis. Grand Gables has a dedicated Social Media Marketing Manager who regularily posts on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and our Blog. These platforms are a terrific way to reach a broad audience with a combination of relevant real estate news both locally and nationally, as well as local events to give our readers a sense of what is happening in our community. This is both informative and helpful for a well-rounded view of our selling area. The impact of regular ""posts"" is extremely effective in the real estate business because we can instantly connect with existing clients, potential clients and our peers to promote our business and our reputation but most importantly to promote our listings. Probably the biggest impact Social Media has for us is the ability to connect with new audiences to market our business brand as trustworthy and knowledgeable experts in our market area. This comprehensive online real estate tools offer direct access to the latest properties and homes for sale in these communities and the surrounding region. Our site features lots of community and school information, consumer links, free reports, answers to commonly asked real estate questions, and so much more. We are your easy one stop source for your real estate needs. You’ll notice, if you’ve been a frequent visitor to our website, the “new look”. We recently redesigned and re-launched GrandGables.com with state-of the-art technology and a host of new online tools to make your experience enjoyable and rewarding. One of these new features is our online map property search tool! When you're ready, we welcome you to give us a call to help you take the next step in making your dream of home selling or buying a reality! Remember to register with our site to save your favorite listings, and you can get reminders when properties that match your criteria are posted. Contact us for more information and with any questions you may have. Through consistency and attention to detail, we have set a quality standard and are working hard to advance our own position and success each day to bring the best tools together to make your experience with us the most rewarding in the field. We invite you to tour our web site. Then, we ́d like you to give us a call and let us explain to you, in as much detail as you'd like, the compliment of technology tools and our personal interactive style (we like to call it ""high tech, high touch"") along with our professional expertise in marketing and brokerage services that we offer to help you make the best selection possible when choosing your next real estate firm. Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. is a member of the National Association of Realtors®, the Massachusetts Association of Realtors®, the Plymouth and South Shore Association of Realtors®, and the Cape Cod and Islands Association of Realtors. The Company is a member of the Multiple Listing Service Property Information Network. These site have up-to-date information on the current real estate market in the South Shore, MA area. Learn more about the local market, trends, and resources. We promise to continue to provide you with personal, hands on professional service for which our past and current clients and customers have come to expect and appreciate. Think it over and give us a call you'll be glad you did. There is a difference in the market today and we'd like the opportunity to make a difference in your life - as your new real estate marketing and brokerage company - FOR LIFE! The Team at GRAND GABLES Realty Group, Inc. </s>" <s> About Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. We at Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. invite you to explore the picturesque communities of the coastal South Shore - an area we fondly refer to as the """Gold" "Coast""" between Boston and Cape Cod. Starting from the north, they include the communities of Hingham, Hull, Cohasset, Scituate, Norwell, Marshfield and Duxbury. Together they comprise a breathtaking stretch of ocean and river coastline that is home to some of the finest real estate in New England. Boasting stunning ocean beaches, peaceful rivers, expansive salt marshes, beautiful open spaces, woodland parks, quaint New England villages, scenic harbors, gorgeous vistas, centuries of history and, of course, the fabled four seasons, the region beckons buyers from many areas of the country and beyond as a place to call HOME! Located within an easy commute to the Boston Metro Area (with highways and public transportation), these communities champion that """vacation" "ambiance""" while providing its residents with great schools and a high, year round quality of life. Selling luxury properties along the """Gold" "Coast""" is as much about selling that """year" round vacation "lifestyle""" as it is about selling the intrinsic benefits of the community and the physical aspects of the property. If you are searching for a single-family home, a new condo, a vacant parcel or tract of land (to develop, subdivide or build your dream home), a second home, vacation getaway or a special investment property - we’ve got you covered! Our company is well known and regarded as one of the region's premier waterfront and water view real estate and property specialists. Our firm has participated in the sale of many signature properties along the South Shore. If you’re in the market to sell or buy property, whether it be oceanfront, ocean view, riverfront, river view, marsh front, marsh view, harbor front, harbor view, pond front, pond view, beachfront, walk to beach or one that gives you the feeling of being “near the shore” - we can help! Coastal living is as much a “state of mind” as it is a physical place, so our market area and reach covers a vast range of property types, prices, styles, etc. There’s something here for just about every buyer in search of living by the water an environment to enjoy seaside living at its finest - and all within convenient reach of downtown Boston and Cape Cod. Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. is a full service boutique style real estate firm centrally located in the coastal region of Boston's South Shore. We cover the communities of Scituate, Cohasset, Norwell, Marshfield, Duxbury, Hull and Hingham and the surrounding area. The company was incorporated in July 2002 by David S. Drinkwater, an experienced veteran of the real estate industry and Mary-Ellen (Meehan) Drinkwater, who has over 22 years of experience in the Corporate Finance profession, with 10 of those years as an executive officer. In addition to being actively involved in listing and selling property on a full time basis, David has spent a significant amount of volunteer time serving the local, state and national Realtor organization. In addition in recent years, David has expanded his volunteer service in support of helping homeless individuals and families get back on their feet and into the work force. Mary-Ellen utilizes her financial, managerial, customer service and organizational skills to differentiate Grand Gables from all other companies in the industry. Since before the start of this Millenium, advances in technology have significantly impacted the way in which information is disseminated in our society. Online searches and email have created new methods of communication that have literally transformed business practices for many industries, with real estate brokerage certainly at or near the top of that list. Consumers have access to information regarding properties for sale that they never had before, all within a touch of a few buttons, from the convenience and privacy of their own homes and without having to contact anyone by phone. This has brought a tremendous convenience to both buyers and sellers throughout the world and as a result, their methods of research and shopping patterns have changed significantly. We at Grand Gables have realized the power that advancing technologies have brought to our industry and the marketplace and take pride in being on the cutting edge of bringing the best technology tools to bear in our practice of serving our clients and customers. Through the tools available on our web site, buyers and sellers can search through active real estate listings offered through the multiple listing service to better educate them on the current market. In addition, we employ a high, visual component in marketing our listings; just tour """Our" Featured "Listings""" on the site and see what we mean. In addition, Grand Gables can offer an enhanced presence on a number of key web sites including www.realtor.com - the official web site of the National Association of Realtors®. The Grand Gables ONLINE marketing reach extends well beyond Realtor.com and includes a variety of major search engines used by consumers searching for property in our area, including www.Zillow.com, www.Trulia.com , www.Homes.com and of course the region’s premier newspaper publication, www.Boston.com (to name a few). Over the years, we have tracked our leads so we can bring you exposure and connections through the web portals that have brought us the most success. In July 2015, based on our extensive local community perspective and connections along with our solid reputation for exceptional service and results, Grand Gables was invited to join the Global Luxury Real Estate Marketing Group known as “Who’s Who in Luxury Real Estate” – an international network of brokers represent luxury properties worldwide through their web portal – www.LuxuryRealEstate.com. These sites consistently maintain some of the highest volumes of Internet traffic than other web portals of their kind in the real estate industry. These are the sites which consumers search regularly for real estate and therefore, these sites are where you want your home to be displayed! Speaking of the impact that advances in technology has had on our industry, the explosion of Social Media as a communication vehicle is transforming our industry on a daily basis. Grand Gables has a dedicated Social Media Marketing Manager who regularily posts on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and our Blog. These platforms are a terrific way to reach a broad audience with a combination of relevant real estate news both locally and nationally, as well as local events to give our readers a sense of what is happening in our community. This is both informative and helpful for a well-rounded view of our selling area. The impact of regular """posts""" is extremely effective in the real estate business because we can instantly connect with existing clients, potential clients and our peers to promote our business and our reputation but most importantly to promote our listings. Probably the biggest impact Social Media has for us is the ability to connect with new audiences to market our business brand as trustworthy and knowledgeable experts in our market area. This comprehensive online real estate tools offer direct access to the latest properties and homes for sale in these communities and the surrounding region. Our site features lots of community and school information, consumer links, free reports, answers to commonly asked real estate questions, and so much more. We are your easy one stop source for your real estate needs. You’ll notice, if you’ve been a frequent visitor to our website, the “new look”. We recently redesigned and re-launched GrandGables.com with state-of the-art technology and a host of new online tools to make your experience enjoyable and rewarding. One of these new features is our online map property search tool! When you're ready, we welcome you to give us a call to help you take the next step in making your dream of home selling or buying a reality! Remember to register with our site to save your favorite listings, and you can get reminders when properties that match your criteria are posted. Contact us for more information and with any questions you may have. Through consistency and attention to detail, we have set a quality standard and are working hard to advance our own position and success each day to bring the best tools together to make your experience with us the most rewarding in the field. We invite you to tour our web site. Then, we ́d like you to give us a call and let us explain to you, in as much detail as you'd like, the compliment of technology tools and our personal interactive style (we like to call it """high" tech, high "touch"")" along with our professional expertise in marketing and brokerage services that we offer to help you make the best selection possible when choosing your next real estate firm. Grand Gables Realty Group, Inc. is a member of the National Association of Realtors®, the Massachusetts Association of Realtors®, the Plymouth and South Shore Association of Realtors®, and the Cape Cod and Islands Association of Realtors. The Company is a member of the Multiple Listing Service Property Information Network. These site have up-to-date information on the current real estate market in the South Shore, MA area. Learn more about the local market, trends, and resources. We promise to continue to provide you with personal, hands on professional service for which our past and current clients and customers have come to expect and appreciate. Think it over and give us a call you'll be glad you did. There is a difference in the market today and we'd like the opportunity to make a difference in your life - as your new real estate marketing and brokerage company - FOR LIFE! The Team at GRAND GABLES Realty Group, Inc. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> 8 DDA compliant rooms with movable partitions that offer you complete flexibility to your meeting & conference. A brand new booking tool to for you the customer to make an enquiry or book on our special offers directly through our website. A quicker, smarter and more direct way for customers to enquire even when our booking office is closed. Accessibility 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, to manage and book your meetings making the process quicker and easier so it becomes hassle free. To make an enquiry enter the date that you are interested in and complete the details and we will confirm back to you our availability and prices. To book a room on a special offer enter one of the dates listed below in our special offers section and complete the details as requested. Remember to book your equipment and catering all at the same time as you will be asked to pre pay to confirm your booking. * Terms and conditions apply. Offer subject to availability. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer or on pre-booked meetings. † Meeting rooms available for up to 10 delegates. Room hire is VAT exempt and includes the use of a plasma screen. </s>" <s> 8 DDA compliant rooms with movable partitions that offer you complete flexibility to your meeting & conference. A brand new booking tool to for you the customer to make an enquiry or book on our special offers directly through our website. A quicker, smarter and more direct way for customers to enquire even when our booking office is closed. Accessibility 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, to manage and book your meetings making the process quicker and easier so it becomes hassle free. To make an enquiry enter the date that you are interested in and complete the details and we will confirm back to you our availability and prices. To book a room on a special offer enter one of the dates listed below in our special offers section and complete the details as requested. Remember to book your equipment and catering all at the same time as you will be asked to pre pay to confirm your booking. * Terms and conditions apply. Offer subject to availability. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer or on pre-booked meetings. † Meeting rooms available for up to 10 delegates. Room hire is VAT exempt and includes the use of a plasma screen. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Extremely rare irrigated residential property in one of Santa Fe's most desirable locations, this 2.85 acre parcel on Upper Canyon Road boasts wonderful views of Santa Fe's eastern foothills and rests near the base of Picacho Peak. It is approximately 1/2 mile to the Randall Davey Audobon Center and very close to the Dale Ball Trails South Section. The land has several very desirable building sites and has a variety of tree cover. </s>" <s> Extremely rare irrigated residential property in one of Santa Fe's most desirable locations, this 2.85 acre parcel on Upper Canyon Road boasts wonderful views of Santa Fe's eastern foothills and rests near the base of Picacho Peak. It is approximately 1/2 mile to the Randall Davey Audobon Center and very close to the Dale Ball Trails South Section. The land has several very desirable building sites and has a variety of tree cover. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Hannah Reichel was part of the first batch of the Nilgiri Field Learning Center (NFLC) in 2015. She was then a sophomore in Cornell University’s Urban and Regional Studies program. Those at Cornell say that she brings a lifelong interest in design, sustainability, and food to her work, where she is interested in observing patterns of human consumption and how these interact with the ecology, aesthetics, economics, and equity of communities and regions. She is particularly concerned with how rapid urbanization and globalization, alongside climate change, may impact food security, and how food might be a part of the solution to building healthier, more resilient communities for the future. Always one to value engaging conversations and diverse viewpoints, Reichel is invested in building a more active campus community of students interested in issues related to city and regional planning. She is an avid grower, baker, and photographer of food. She spent 15 weeks in India as part of the Cornell-Keystone collaboration and writes about her experience. You can read her blog post here. </s>" <s> Hannah Reichel was part of the first batch of the Nilgiri Field Learning Center (NFLC) in 2015. She was then a sophomore in Cornell University’s Urban and Regional Studies program. Those at Cornell say that she brings a lifelong interest in design, sustainability, and food to her work, where she is interested in observing patterns of human consumption and how these interact with the ecology, aesthetics, economics, and equity of communities and regions. She is particularly concerned with how rapid urbanization and globalization, alongside climate change, may impact food security, and how food might be a part of the solution to building healthier, more resilient communities for the future. Always one to value engaging conversations and diverse viewpoints, Reichel is invested in building a more active campus community of students interested in issues related to city and regional planning. She is an avid grower, baker, and photographer of food. She spent 15 weeks in India as part of the Cornell-Keystone collaboration and writes about her experience. You can read her blog post here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> From Kitchens and Bathrooms, Extensions and Gardens, no job to big! Office spaces and commercial sites to End of Tenancy agreements. We are a selection of businesses and professionals that operate in and around Kent towns. With over 10 years of our business running, and many more in combined specialist skills, we can cover a huge variety of jobs for your home or business. </s>" <s> From Kitchens and Bathrooms, Extensions and Gardens, no job to big! Office spaces and commercial sites to End of Tenancy agreements. We are a selection of businesses and professionals that operate in and around Kent towns. With over 10 years of our business running, and many more in combined specialist skills, we can cover a huge variety of jobs for your home or business. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Rodríguez, I., Williams, A. M., & Hall, C. M. (2014). Tourism innovation policy: Implementation and outcomes. Annals of Tourism Research, 49, 76-93. Fang, C. Y., Deng, R., Chen, Z. P., & Zou, Z. L. (2014, July). The Innovation of Information Service of Red Tourism Industry. In Advanced Materials Research (Vol. 962, pp. 2611-2614). Goussous, J., & Haddad, L. G. (2014). Innovation of new tourism trails and its effect on the Ajloun touristic process. The Journal of American Science, 10(4s), 50-60. </s>" <s> Rodríguez, I., Williams, A. M., & Hall, C. M. (2014). Tourism innovation policy: Implementation and outcomes. Annals of Tourism Research, 49, 76-93. Fang, C. Y., Deng, R., Chen, Z. P., & Zou, Z. L. (2014, July). The Innovation of Information Service of Red Tourism Industry. In Advanced Materials Research (Vol. 962, pp. 2611-2614). Goussous, J., & Haddad, L. G. (2014). Innovation of new tourism trails and its effect on the Ajloun touristic process. The Journal of American Science, 10(4s), 50-60. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> These dark brown over-the-calf socks with a forest-green and purple argyle check are made from a remarkably soft wool blend by renowned sock manufacturer Bresciani. They are just the right weight for mild fall and winter days. The socks feature a slightly fuzzier texture than our cotton equivalents and a lovely color depth. They feel tremendously soft against the skin yet the the reinforced heel and toe make the socks outstandingly durable. On top of that they are machine washable just like any other pair of cotton or linen socks. Pair them with a navy suit and polo suede double monks for a classic look or go bold(er) with a pair of bottle green corduroy pants and cognac scotchgrain penny loafers. </s>" <s> These dark brown over-the-calf socks with a forest-green and purple argyle check are made from a remarkably soft wool blend by renowned sock manufacturer Bresciani. They are just the right weight for mild fall and winter days. The socks feature a slightly fuzzier texture than our cotton equivalents and a lovely color depth. They feel tremendously soft against the skin yet the the reinforced heel and toe make the socks outstandingly durable. On top of that they are machine washable just like any other pair of cotton or linen socks. Pair them with a navy suit and polo suede double monks for a classic look or go bold(er) with a pair of bottle green corduroy pants and cognac scotchgrain penny loafers. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Our Yellow Cling Peaches are picked at their peack for freshness and flavor. As the shelf life is 3 years, you can use from a can all year long. According to the USDA, adults should eat at least 2 servings of fruit daily. When storing fresh fruit, the vitamin C content tends to diminish. Canned fruit, however, retains much of its vitamin C -- even when stored for several months. Fresh fruit can be expensive when out of season. Canned is a great way to enjoy fruit any time of year. </s>" <s> Our Yellow Cling Peaches are picked at their peack for freshness and flavor. As the shelf life is 3 years, you can use from a can all year long. According to the USDA, adults should eat at least 2 servings of fruit daily. When storing fresh fruit, the vitamin C content tends to diminish. Canned fruit, however, retains much of its vitamin C -- even when stored for several months. Fresh fruit can be expensive when out of season. Canned is a great way to enjoy fruit any time of year. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Often Stag Parties are a once in a lifetime experience, whether it’s for the groom, or the bride, it is the last chance to party down with your close friends before the big day. However, while you want to have the time of your life, you also want to do it safely, whether it is bar hopping or clubbing, getting back and forth from that party destination, everyone wants to get home safe and sound. Driving drunk can quickly turn excellent stag parties into tragedies. The planning of stag parties can be challenging. Make yours a night to remember by letting The Limousine Service drive you and your party in style and luxury. The Limousine Service is a family owned company that been in the business for more than twenty years, and their professional drivers are top notch. The Limousine Service can take care of any type of stag parties that you may be planning. We have professional chauffeurs to drive you to and from any location. In addition, they have one of the largest fleets of different luxury vehicles in the industry, whether it is a new black or white stretch limo, exotics, Luxury SUV, or an Executive Van. Each vehicle is fully loaded with a wet bar, ice, glasses and napkins. They are also equipped with televisions, DVD players, radios and CD players, the works. Whether it’s stag parties you’re after, transportation for your wedding, or even getting to and from the airport, The limousine Service is at your service. Just make sure that you book your stag parties or wedding in advance, because at certain times of the year limousine rentals are in high demand. Be safe and smart, the cost of a limousine service is must less than the cost of a DWI or maybe even your life. </s>" <s> Often Stag Parties are a once in a lifetime experience, whether it’s for the groom, or the bride, it is the last chance to party down with your close friends before the big day. However, while you want to have the time of your life, you also want to do it safely, whether it is bar hopping or clubbing, getting back and forth from that party destination, everyone wants to get home safe and sound. Driving drunk can quickly turn excellent stag parties into tragedies. The planning of stag parties can be challenging. Make yours a night to remember by letting The Limousine Service drive you and your party in style and luxury. The Limousine Service is a family owned company that been in the business for more than twenty years, and their professional drivers are top notch. The Limousine Service can take care of any type of stag parties that you may be planning. We have professional chauffeurs to drive you to and from any location. In addition, they have one of the largest fleets of different luxury vehicles in the industry, whether it is a new black or white stretch limo, exotics, Luxury SUV, or an Executive Van. Each vehicle is fully loaded with a wet bar, ice, glasses and napkins. They are also equipped with televisions, DVD players, radios and CD players, the works. Whether it’s stag parties you’re after, transportation for your wedding, or even getting to and from the airport, The limousine Service is at your service. Just make sure that you book your stag parties or wedding in advance, because at certain times of the year limousine rentals are in high demand. Be safe and smart, the cost of a limousine service is must less than the cost of a DWI or maybe even your life. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Malaysia will screen “Power Rangers” — the first big budget superhero movie with an LGBT protagonist — without cuts. According to Golden Screen Cinemas and TGV Cinemas, the two biggest cinema chains in Malaysia, the film will open on Thursday and tickets are already on sale. @man_yusoef POWER RANGERS movie will be start screening by 23 March 2017. We will update the showtime by today. The greenlight comes one day after Malaysia’s Film Appeals Committee overturned last week’s ruling by the censorship board that Disney’s “Beauty and the Beast” should be cut because of what director Bill Condon called an “exclusively gay moment” in the family film. Director Dean Israelite told IGN, ""I read the script and was really surprised by it and thought there was a really cool, contemporary, mature but still playful, buoyant and fun take on the material, and was updated in a really interesting way."" Israelite shot a massive amount of action coverage on ""Power Rangers,"" breaking the record for the most dailies three days in a row. The new costumes have ditched the all-Spandex look of the originals for a more tactical body armor appearance. Rangers are drawn from the free planets. They're the best and most disciplined, having been chosen from billions and taught from the time they were children. Elizabeth Banks' Rita Repulsa is 65 million years old and is a former Green Ranger gone rogue. Bryan Cranston's Zordon was the original Red Ranger millions of years ago, long before being transformed into a state of pure energy. Bill Hader's Alpha 5 is a robot with a supple metallic body and is able to mutate into different designs to maximize his role. Anyone who grew up in the ‘90s knows the ""Power Rangers"" theme song. In the most recent trailer, an updated version for the next film can be heard in the closing moments. The Zords are massive. In the movie posters, they appear to be significantly bigger than what we’ve previously seen. Putties will make an appearance in ""Power Rangers"" in a scene where Rita Repulsa is trying to steal gold bullion from the Central Bank of Russia. Five Putties made of stone in a later scene challenge the Rangers. Goldar's molecular essence is scattered around the globe after he was vaporized into a cloud of microscopic gold particles in the opening action sequence on Ancient Earth. Rita Repulsa collects gold to resurrect Goldar... and the Rangers have just 71 hours to stop her. The Zeo Crystal is protected by a force field. Anything that comes in contact with it is vaporized. Goldar was created with a single purpose -- to penetrate the force field and steal the crystal. The Zeo Crystal is an artifact that channels the Morphing Grid -- a dimension that weaves through all things and what gives the ""Power Rangers"" their power. The crystal was hidden on Earth to keep it out of the hands of those who would use it as a weapon. Rita Repulsa has been trying to deliver the Zeo Crystal to her master, Lord Zedd, for a long time. It would make quite a statement, as he burned half his face off trying to steal it himself. </s>" <s> Malaysia will screen “Power Rangers” — the first big budget superhero movie with an LGBT protagonist — without cuts. According to Golden Screen Cinemas and TGV Cinemas, the two biggest cinema chains in Malaysia, the film will open on Thursday and tickets are already on sale. @man_yusoef POWER RANGERS movie will be start screening by 23 March 2017. We will update the showtime by today. The greenlight comes one day after Malaysia’s Film Appeals Committee overturned last week’s ruling by the censorship board that Disney’s “Beauty and the Beast” should be cut because of what director Bill Condon called an “exclusively gay moment” in the family film. Director Dean Israelite told IGN, """I" read the script and was really surprised by it and thought there was a really cool, contemporary, mature but still playful, buoyant and fun take on the material, and was updated in a really interesting "way.""" Israelite shot a massive amount of action coverage on """Power" "Rangers,""" breaking the record for the most dailies three days in a row. The new costumes have ditched the all-Spandex look of the originals for a more tactical body armor appearance. Rangers are drawn from the free planets. They're the best and most disciplined, having been chosen from billions and taught from the time they were children. Elizabeth Banks' Rita Repulsa is 65 million years old and is a former Green Ranger gone rogue. Bryan Cranston's Zordon was the original Red Ranger millions of years ago, long before being transformed into a state of pure energy. Bill Hader's Alpha 5 is a robot with a supple metallic body and is able to mutate into different designs to maximize his role. Anyone who grew up in the ‘90s knows the """Power" "Rangers""" theme song. In the most recent trailer, an updated version for the next film can be heard in the closing moments. The Zords are massive. In the movie posters, they appear to be significantly bigger than what we’ve previously seen. Putties will make an appearance in """Power" "Rangers""" in a scene where Rita Repulsa is trying to steal gold bullion from the Central Bank of Russia. Five Putties made of stone in a later scene challenge the Rangers. Goldar's molecular essence is scattered around the globe after he was vaporized into a cloud of microscopic gold particles in the opening action sequence on Ancient Earth. Rita Repulsa collects gold to resurrect Goldar... and the Rangers have just 71 hours to stop her. The Zeo Crystal is protected by a force field. Anything that comes in contact with it is vaporized. Goldar was created with a single purpose -- to penetrate the force field and steal the crystal. The Zeo Crystal is an artifact that channels the Morphing Grid -- a dimension that weaves through all things and what gives the """Power" "Rangers""" their power. The crystal was hidden on Earth to keep it out of the hands of those who would use it as a weapon. Rita Repulsa has been trying to deliver the Zeo Crystal to her master, Lord Zedd, for a long time. It would make quite a statement, as he burned half his face off trying to steal it himself. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> OgKuro This fucker is ALL FOR ONE and ONE FOR ALL, TOGETHER! Ardawen Holy Fudge Knuckles on a stick, with cream and a little cherry on top! That was awesome! mad199109 Dude, the anime benchmarks that are being set this season.... Mob Psycho is on a level all its own with animation style and on top of it's immaculate character development. Shield Hero is bringing back GOOD DnD series where you see the grind and it even forces you to disconnect a little, the other protagonists think they're in a game, while the Shield reminds the viewers in a sense: See it through my eyes, this is not a game, and my choices weigh on those consequences. Beautiful story telling. Jesus, don't forget Promised Neverland, cinematic scenes with chilling story-telling that will have you clenching your teeth hoping that your suspicions were either right.... or wrong. And on the side, you have Dororo which has been beautifully redone in the current anime style of our generation, from the god of manga himself. The father of manga. I deem these the kings and queens on 2019. GyroZeppeli OH YEH SUPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA FIGHT CUMIN UP! animeislife Mob needs to go??????? </s>" <s> OgKuro This fucker is ALL FOR ONE and ONE FOR ALL, TOGETHER! Ardawen Holy Fudge Knuckles on a stick, with cream and a little cherry on top! That was awesome! mad199109 Dude, the anime benchmarks that are being set this season.... Mob Psycho is on a level all its own with animation style and on top of it's immaculate character development. Shield Hero is bringing back GOOD DnD series where you see the grind and it even forces you to disconnect a little, the other protagonists think they're in a game, while the Shield reminds the viewers in a sense: See it through my eyes, this is not a game, and my choices weigh on those consequences. Beautiful story telling. Jesus, don't forget Promised Neverland, cinematic scenes with chilling story-telling that will have you clenching your teeth hoping that your suspicions were either right.... or wrong. And on the side, you have Dororo which has been beautifully redone in the current anime style of our generation, from the god of manga himself. The father of manga. I deem these the kings and queens on 2019. GyroZeppeli OH YEH SUPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA FIGHT CUMIN UP! animeislife Mob needs to go??????? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> If you’re a fan of clean and super bright interiors with a minimalist setting and a charming outlook then you’re the perfect candidate for Scandinavian design. The Scandinavian style results in a super neat, clean and inspiring appearance due to the use of a white color scheme often enhanced with high contrast tones, a quirky decorative palette, lots of natural wood materials and ideally big windows that let in tons of natural light. Scandinavian design is perfect for the bedroom as it creates a profound and inspiring energy. Words can’t describe what a picture can though so we’ve prepared this inspiring showcase of amazing Scandinavian bedroom interior design ideas. This Scandinavian bedroom looks so clean and crisp due to the snowy white color scheme smartly combined with high contrast tones and bold geometric patterns like the plaid white and black bed. We absolutely love the sleek and cozy feel of this gorgeous bedroom. The black lamps are a nice high-contrast touch as well. The exposed concrete beams certainly create a bold statement in this beautiful Scandinavian bedroom. We love the simplicity and how the dark wood floor strikes with the modern and contemporary but still cozy natural feel of the room. The white shag area rug is a fantastic touch as it soothes down the harsh feel of the room making it soft and comfortable. This room is super chic and inspiring. We love how clean, utterly bright and perfectly decorated this bedroom is. It’s perfectly decorated with refreshing floral wallpaper, a classy chandelier and the ethnic looking area rug. We love everything about it! Here is an extremely clean and sleek bedroom. The white color scheme and the two tall windows that bring in natural light make everything look bright and happy. The overall minimalist interior is absolutely bursting with neat energy and we love it! The painted natural stone wall works as an extremely amazing natural backdrop for this overall cool and cheery bedroom. The minimalist setting helps the room to breath while the interesting structure of the wall works as a bold decorate element. Everything goes amazingly well with the natural wood floor too. This Scandinavian bedroom is decorated with funky and cool details giving the room an overall contemporary and bold appearance. The typography artwork stands out on the wall giving the room a little something extra unique. The white walls, bedding and shelves pair perfectly with the dark floor and the rug adds a much needed touch of color. Here’s another amazingly sleek and natural bedroom. The contemporary gray bed with its interesting design makes a very cool focal point especially combined with the modern artwork above. The natural wood floor and shelves work amazingly with the white color scheme and that open closet is just perfect. This bedroom is sheer serenity. The soft and beautiful appearance of this Scandinavian bedroom is due to the combination of a white and creamy color scheme matched with natural wood and super classy touches like that chandelier, lamp and candlesticks. This bedroom is super refreshing and cool. The effortlessly cool and chic appearance of this Scandinavian bedroom is just amazing! The room is full of natural sunlight, natural materials and pops of color. We’d certainly love to relax in this room. </s>" <s> If you’re a fan of clean and super bright interiors with a minimalist setting and a charming outlook then you’re the perfect candidate for Scandinavian design. The Scandinavian style results in a super neat, clean and inspiring appearance due to the use of a white color scheme often enhanced with high contrast tones, a quirky decorative palette, lots of natural wood materials and ideally big windows that let in tons of natural light. Scandinavian design is perfect for the bedroom as it creates a profound and inspiring energy. Words can’t describe what a picture can though so we’ve prepared this inspiring showcase of amazing Scandinavian bedroom interior design ideas. This Scandinavian bedroom looks so clean and crisp due to the snowy white color scheme smartly combined with high contrast tones and bold geometric patterns like the plaid white and black bed. We absolutely love the sleek and cozy feel of this gorgeous bedroom. The black lamps are a nice high-contrast touch as well. The exposed concrete beams certainly create a bold statement in this beautiful Scandinavian bedroom. We love the simplicity and how the dark wood floor strikes with the modern and contemporary but still cozy natural feel of the room. The white shag area rug is a fantastic touch as it soothes down the harsh feel of the room making it soft and comfortable. This room is super chic and inspiring. We love how clean, utterly bright and perfectly decorated this bedroom is. It’s perfectly decorated with refreshing floral wallpaper, a classy chandelier and the ethnic looking area rug. We love everything about it! Here is an extremely clean and sleek bedroom. The white color scheme and the two tall windows that bring in natural light make everything look bright and happy. The overall minimalist interior is absolutely bursting with neat energy and we love it! The painted natural stone wall works as an extremely amazing natural backdrop for this overall cool and cheery bedroom. The minimalist setting helps the room to breath while the interesting structure of the wall works as a bold decorate element. Everything goes amazingly well with the natural wood floor too. This Scandinavian bedroom is decorated with funky and cool details giving the room an overall contemporary and bold appearance. The typography artwork stands out on the wall giving the room a little something extra unique. The white walls, bedding and shelves pair perfectly with the dark floor and the rug adds a much needed touch of color. Here’s another amazingly sleek and natural bedroom. The contemporary gray bed with its interesting design makes a very cool focal point especially combined with the modern artwork above. The natural wood floor and shelves work amazingly with the white color scheme and that open closet is just perfect. This bedroom is sheer serenity. The soft and beautiful appearance of this Scandinavian bedroom is due to the combination of a white and creamy color scheme matched with natural wood and super classy touches like that chandelier, lamp and candlesticks. This bedroom is super refreshing and cool. The effortlessly cool and chic appearance of this Scandinavian bedroom is just amazing! The room is full of natural sunlight, natural materials and pops of color. We’d certainly love to relax in this room. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Click the VOTE button to give Pio PIco Elementary 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). Vote for the Volunteers and Fundraisers that are answering the call to service, raising money for charity, and making an impact for their causes. Come back and Vote every months. CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status. If you're seeing the grey VOTE button, you should feel great about yourself. It means you already voted for Pio PIco Elementary this month. Come back next month and vote again if you still love Pio PIco Elementary. Thanks to your vote, Pio PIco Elementary earned 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status. </s>" <s> Click the VOTE button to give Pio PIco Elementary 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). Vote for the Volunteers and Fundraisers that are answering the call to service, raising money for charity, and making an impact for their causes. Come back and Vote every months. CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status. If you're seeing the grey VOTE button, you should feel great about yourself. It means you already voted for Pio PIco Elementary this month. Come back next month and vote again if you still love Pio PIco Elementary. Thanks to your vote, Pio PIco Elementary earned 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Nokia Android phone – Normandy – leaked by Evleaks , again, Nokia Normandy, a smartphone from Nokia running Android was leaked by Evleaks. Though we’re pretty afraid about the future of this phone whether it will ever be a reality or not. The UI of the phone looks clearly very customized with the blend of two OS: Meego and Symbian. Its a beautifully blended UI that many people may like to use. From the Antutu Benchmark app, it can be quite easily understand that it will be a dual sim 4 inch screen smartphone running Android and it has been codenamed as A110, quite a similar naming to Micromax handsets. It is having a 5 megapixel snapper and powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, which Nokia uses in their Windows phones also. I think it will be quite similar to a mix of Asha 501 and Lumia 520 as far as I can see from the pictures. And from the specifications and dual SIM feature we can guess that the handset might be a special one for Indian market and the benchamark also shows that the handset runs Android 4.4 Kitkat. Pretty nice features have been blended into this one and hope this will come up at the end of this year with at least 512 MB RAM if Nokia really want to turn people’s “Nokia runnig Android” dream to a reality. </s>" <s> Nokia Android phone – Normandy – leaked by Evleaks , again, Nokia Normandy, a smartphone from Nokia running Android was leaked by Evleaks. Though we’re pretty afraid about the future of this phone whether it will ever be a reality or not. The UI of the phone looks clearly very customized with the blend of two OS: Meego and Symbian. Its a beautifully blended UI that many people may like to use. From the Antutu Benchmark app, it can be quite easily understand that it will be a dual sim 4 inch screen smartphone running Android and it has been codenamed as A110, quite a similar naming to Micromax handsets. It is having a 5 megapixel snapper and powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, which Nokia uses in their Windows phones also. I think it will be quite similar to a mix of Asha 501 and Lumia 520 as far as I can see from the pictures. And from the specifications and dual SIM feature we can guess that the handset might be a special one for Indian market and the benchamark also shows that the handset runs Android 4.4 Kitkat. Pretty nice features have been blended into this one and hope this will come up at the end of this year with at least 512 MB RAM if Nokia really want to turn people’s “Nokia runnig Android” dream to a reality. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Pete Seeger – American singer, songwriter, activist, & folklorist – passed away on January 27th, 2014 at the age of 94 at New York Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan. Seeger enjoyed a storied career in music, topping the Billboard Best Seller charts with the Weavers in 1950 with a cover of Leadbelly’s ‘Goodnight, Irene’. Seeger was also outspoken concerning American politics, making the news in the early 1950s because of his ties to the Communist Party, and more recently for performing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial for Barack Obama’s inauguration. But Seeger was also an environmentalist, dedicating himself to raising awareness and the cleanup of one of New York City’s most iconic and important tributaries – the Hudson River. </s>" <s> Pete Seeger – American singer, songwriter, activist, & folklorist – passed away on January 27th, 2014 at the age of 94 at New York Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan. Seeger enjoyed a storied career in music, topping the Billboard Best Seller charts with the Weavers in 1950 with a cover of Leadbelly’s ‘Goodnight, Irene’. Seeger was also outspoken concerning American politics, making the news in the early 1950s because of his ties to the Communist Party, and more recently for performing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial for Barack Obama’s inauguration. But Seeger was also an environmentalist, dedicating himself to raising awareness and the cleanup of one of New York City’s most iconic and important tributaries – the Hudson River. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> how to do 1950s hairstyles for medium hair would be very suitable if you can notice some like face shape and hair thickness. The idea of this hairstyle has been recommended by admin on January 8, 2015. You can make your hair like in the example image above Hairstyle. You can save the image of the hair style by right clicking your mouse right on the image and select save as an image that is stored in your desktop. Moreover admin also has other recommendations Hairstyle on this website, please see the related post below. </s>" <s> how to do 1950s hairstyles for medium hair would be very suitable if you can notice some like face shape and hair thickness. The idea of this hairstyle has been recommended by admin on January 8, 2015. You can make your hair like in the example image above Hairstyle. You can save the image of the hair style by right clicking your mouse right on the image and select save as an image that is stored in your desktop. Moreover admin also has other recommendations Hairstyle on this website, please see the related post below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> 1Sa 14 | KJVA | STEP | Now it came to pass upon a day , that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bare his armour , Come , and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison , that is on the other side . But he told not his father . 16 And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another. 17 Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there. 18 And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel. 21 Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan. 22 Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle. 23 So the Lord saved Israel that day: and the battle passed over unto Beth–aven. 29 Then said Jonathan, My father hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a little of this honey. 30 How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines? 31 And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint. 32 And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood. 42 And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken. 43 Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die. 44 And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan. 45 And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the Lord liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not. 46 Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went to their own place. 51 And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel. 52 And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him. </s>" <s> 1Sa 14 | KJVA | STEP | Now it came to pass upon a day , that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bare his armour , Come , and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison , that is on the other side . But he told not his father . 16 And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another. 17 Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there. 18 And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel. 21 Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan. 22 Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle. 23 So the Lord saved Israel that day: and the battle passed over unto Beth–aven. 29 Then said Jonathan, My father hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a little of this honey. 30 How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines? 31 And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint. 32 And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood. 42 And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken. 43 Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die. 44 And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan. 45 And the people said unto Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel? God forbid: as the Lord liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued Jonathan, that he died not. 46 Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the Philistines went to their own place. 51 And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel. 52 And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Prehistoric pottery from Roystone Grange, Derbyshire. Published in Recent developments in the archaeology of the Peak District. Sheffield : J. R. Collis Publications, 1991. Physical Description: 37-43 : Abb. The Holywood cursus complex, Dumfries: an interim account 1997. Published in Pathways and ceremonies : The cursus monuments of Britain and Ireland. Oxford/Oakville : Oxbow Books, 1999. The politics of vision and the archaeologies of landscape. Published in Landscape : Politics and perspectives. Physical Description: 19-48 : Abb. Physical Description: x, 266 p. : ill., diagr., maps ; 25 cm. ¿Ceremonias de los jinetes? De las tumbas megalíticas a los enterramientos campaniformes en la Europa prehistórica. Published in El campaniforme en la Península Ibérica y su contexto europeo = Bell beakers in the Iberian Peninsula and their European contex. Valladolid : Universidad, Secretariado de Publ. [etc.], 2005. Physical Description: 107-121 : ill. Understanding the Neolithic : A revised second edition of ""Rethinking the Neolithic"". London/New York : Routledge, 1999. Physical Description: X, 266 S. : Abb. ; 8°. Archaeology and modernity : Julian Thomas. London and New York : Routledge, 2004. Physical Description: xii, 275 p. : ill. ; 25 cm. [Rez.zu]: TRB culture : The first farmers of the North European Plain. Pict Knowe, Holywood, and Holm: Prehistoric sites in the Dumfries area. Physical Description: 149-154 : Abb. Physical Description: 344-348 : Abb. Gene-flows and social processes: the potential of genetics and archaeology. Physical Description: 51-59 : Abb. Current debates on the Mesolithic-Neolithic transition in Britain and Ireland. Ambiguous symbols: why there were no figurines in Neolithic Britain. The hermeneutics of megalithic space. Providence/Oxford : Berg Publishers, 1993. Physical Description: 73-97 : Abb. Discourse, totalization and ""The Neolithic"". Physical Description: 357-394 : Abb. Towards a regional geography of the Neolithic. Published in Understanding the Neolithic of North-Western Europe. Glasgow : Cruithne Press, 1998. Physical Description: 37-60 : Abb. Neolithic houses in mainland Britain and Ireland: a sceptical view. Published in Neolithic houses in Northwest Europe and beyond. Oxford : Oxbow Books, 1996. The axe and the torso: symbolic structures in the Neolithic of Brittany. Physical Description: 225-324 : Abb. </s>" <s> Prehistoric pottery from Roystone Grange, Derbyshire. Published in Recent developments in the archaeology of the Peak District. Sheffield : J. R. Collis Publications, 1991. Physical Description: 37-43 : Abb. The Holywood cursus complex, Dumfries: an interim account 1997. Published in Pathways and ceremonies : The cursus monuments of Britain and Ireland. Oxford/Oakville : Oxbow Books, 1999. The politics of vision and the archaeologies of landscape. Published in Landscape : Politics and perspectives. Physical Description: 19-48 : Abb. Physical Description: x, 266 p. : ill., diagr., maps ; 25 cm. ¿Ceremonias de los jinetes? De las tumbas megalíticas a los enterramientos campaniformes en la Europa prehistórica. Published in El campaniforme en la Península Ibérica y su contexto europeo = Bell beakers in the Iberian Peninsula and their European contex. Valladolid : Universidad, Secretariado de Publ. [etc.], 2005. Physical Description: 107-121 : ill. Understanding the Neolithic : A revised second edition of """Rethinking" the "Neolithic""." London/New York : Routledge, 1999. Physical Description: X, 266 S. : Abb. ; 8°. Archaeology and modernity : Julian Thomas. London and New York : Routledge, 2004. Physical Description: xii, 275 p. : ill. ; 25 cm. [Rez.zu]: TRB culture : The first farmers of the North European Plain. Pict Knowe, Holywood, and Holm: Prehistoric sites in the Dumfries area. Physical Description: 149-154 : Abb. Physical Description: 344-348 : Abb. Gene-flows and social processes: the potential of genetics and archaeology. Physical Description: 51-59 : Abb. Current debates on the Mesolithic-Neolithic transition in Britain and Ireland. Ambiguous symbols: why there were no figurines in Neolithic Britain. The hermeneutics of megalithic space. Providence/Oxford : Berg Publishers, 1993. Physical Description: 73-97 : Abb. Discourse, totalization and """The" "Neolithic""." Physical Description: 357-394 : Abb. Towards a regional geography of the Neolithic. Published in Understanding the Neolithic of North-Western Europe. Glasgow : Cruithne Press, 1998. Physical Description: 37-60 : Abb. Neolithic houses in mainland Britain and Ireland: a sceptical view. Published in Neolithic houses in Northwest Europe and beyond. Oxford : Oxbow Books, 1996. The axe and the torso: symbolic structures in the Neolithic of Brittany. Physical Description: 225-324 : Abb. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The 20-day perseverance that you, the courageous resistance fighters and the people of Ghazzah demonstrated against one of the most atrocious war crimes in the history of the world has hoisted the flag of glory over the head of the Islamic Ummah. You have proven that Muslim hearts filled with confidence in Allah, glorified be His name, and the Day of Judgment, which will not bow to oppression, can create such heroism that will bring the arrogant powers of the world and their well-equipped armies to their knees. The army, which you have managed with your perseverance to keep outside Ghazzah City for the past 20 days, is the same army that occupied large parts of three Arab states in just six days. You must be proud of your unshakable faith in Allah the Almighty and His promises; you must be proud of your courage, patience and sacrifices, as today, the whole Muslim world is proud of you. Your resistance has brought shame on the US, the zionist regime and their supporters, the United Nations, and the hypocrites in the Islamic Ummah. Today, not only Muslims, but also many Europeans and Americans have acknowledged your righteousness. In our eyes, you are victorious today and with the continuation of your resistance, you will bring more shame to the enemy. You must remember that “Your Lord has not forsaken you, nor has He become displeased,” (93:03) and “Soon your Lord will give you so that you shall be well pleased,” (93:05) insha’Allah. Nevertheless, atrocities committed in Ghazzah and the death of innocent Palestinians, especially the children, has deeply saddened us. Our entire nation is in mourning because of the crimes committed by the occupiers of Palestine that are broadcast on our television channels everyday. May Allah make your reward great and hasten your victory. As Allah, the Almighty, never goes back on His promises and has said “Surely Allah will help him who helps His cause” (47:07); “most surely Allah is Strong, Mighty” (33:25) and “Those who strive, strive for their own good ...” (41:46). Those in the Arab world who have committed treachery must know that a fate no better than that of Yahud involved in the Battle of the Confederates [al-Ahzab] awaits them, as Allah the Almighty has said “He also brought down their allies among the people of the scripture from their secure positions ...” (33:26). The nations of the world stand beside the people and resistance fighters of Ghazzah. Any government that goes against the will of its nation will further distance itself from its people and the fate of such government is obvious. They must remember that Amir ul-mu’mineen (as) has said, “Living a life of defeat is death and death with dignity is life.” I salute you and the resistance fighters of Ghazzah and the oppressed and resistant people of Ghazzah. Aside from the efforts of the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to provide aid for you and your people, which is our duty, I pray for you day and night. I wish you patience and victory from Allah, the Almighty. Peace be upon you and upon righteous servants of Allah. Wassalamu Alaikum wa Rahmatullah wa Barakatuh. </s>" <s> The 20-day perseverance that you, the courageous resistance fighters and the people of Ghazzah demonstrated against one of the most atrocious war crimes in the history of the world has hoisted the flag of glory over the head of the Islamic Ummah. You have proven that Muslim hearts filled with confidence in Allah, glorified be His name, and the Day of Judgment, which will not bow to oppression, can create such heroism that will bring the arrogant powers of the world and their well-equipped armies to their knees. The army, which you have managed with your perseverance to keep outside Ghazzah City for the past 20 days, is the same army that occupied large parts of three Arab states in just six days. You must be proud of your unshakable faith in Allah the Almighty and His promises; you must be proud of your courage, patience and sacrifices, as today, the whole Muslim world is proud of you. Your resistance has brought shame on the US, the zionist regime and their supporters, the United Nations, and the hypocrites in the Islamic Ummah. Today, not only Muslims, but also many Europeans and Americans have acknowledged your righteousness. In our eyes, you are victorious today and with the continuation of your resistance, you will bring more shame to the enemy. You must remember that “Your Lord has not forsaken you, nor has He become displeased,” (93:03) and “Soon your Lord will give you so that you shall be well pleased,” (93:05) insha’Allah. Nevertheless, atrocities committed in Ghazzah and the death of innocent Palestinians, especially the children, has deeply saddened us. Our entire nation is in mourning because of the crimes committed by the occupiers of Palestine that are broadcast on our television channels everyday. May Allah make your reward great and hasten your victory. As Allah, the Almighty, never goes back on His promises and has said “Surely Allah will help him who helps His cause” (47:07); “most surely Allah is Strong, Mighty” (33:25) and “Those who strive, strive for their own good ...” (41:46). Those in the Arab world who have committed treachery must know that a fate no better than that of Yahud involved in the Battle of the Confederates [al-Ahzab] awaits them, as Allah the Almighty has said “He also brought down their allies among the people of the scripture from their secure positions ...” (33:26). The nations of the world stand beside the people and resistance fighters of Ghazzah. Any government that goes against the will of its nation will further distance itself from its people and the fate of such government is obvious. They must remember that Amir ul-mu’mineen (as) has said, “Living a life of defeat is death and death with dignity is life.” I salute you and the resistance fighters of Ghazzah and the oppressed and resistant people of Ghazzah. Aside from the efforts of the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to provide aid for you and your people, which is our duty, I pray for you day and night. I wish you patience and victory from Allah, the Almighty. Peace be upon you and upon righteous servants of Allah. Wassalamu Alaikum wa Rahmatullah wa Barakatuh. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Mother Mary Alice Moody is a diminutive woman of God with a large spirit and an even greater vision. It has been her life’s desire to proclaim the gospel to all she encountered by being a living example. She has worked tirelessly beside her husband, Bishop Carlis Moody, providing the support he needs, both on the mission field and at home. Mother Moody is a God fearing woman who has earned the love and respect of each person whose life she has touched. </s>" <s> Mother Mary Alice Moody is a diminutive woman of God with a large spirit and an even greater vision. It has been her life’s desire to proclaim the gospel to all she encountered by being a living example. She has worked tirelessly beside her husband, Bishop Carlis Moody, providing the support he needs, both on the mission field and at home. Mother Moody is a God fearing woman who has earned the love and respect of each person whose life she has touched. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Published at Thursday, March 21st, 2019 - 02:38:59 AM. Types of car. By Adelina Pohl. </s>" <s> Published at Thursday, March 21st, 2019 - 02:38:59 AM. Types of car. By Adelina Pohl. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> our northern helicopter heros is very nice people and they will help anybody who needs it. if they needs assistance they are there to help with any problem they have, and whatever equipment they ask for please do hestiate in asking for help you can find the information below. they are going to have a new app in the future so if their clients can book their rides and yes they still call back to tell the person how long they will be. I just found out that Prince George Transit will cost just $1.00 per ride on Canada day... 7 days from now! Plan your ride to Ft George Park for the events there and save finding a parking spot! The world’s leading online taxi dispatch system. Our cloud-based system is available all over the world directly from your browser, providing a flexible solution, scalable to meet the needs of any size fleet. Our end-to-end solution offers complete fleet management control. Run reports on completed trips, track your vehicles in real-time and manage corporate accounts. Quickly and efficiently dispatch calls in your browser with caller id. Works with virtually any VoIP provider in the world or with your own existing local PBX. This years was a great success, we had alot of door prizes plus lots of entertainment, there was a guitarist named Charles Gauthier and he sang, everyone raved about his talent,, there was also a Elvis impersonater by the name of Robert Saunders and he did wonderful. We would like to thank Jade Young for her photography all night and also we would like to thank the Royal Purple elastic band, also the caulinary staff who provided us with wonderful food, also to the Zettle family with their music and We wuld also like to thank Ken Biron for his fantastic Mcing all night. </s>" <s> our northern helicopter heros is very nice people and they will help anybody who needs it. if they needs assistance they are there to help with any problem they have, and whatever equipment they ask for please do hestiate in asking for help you can find the information below. they are going to have a new app in the future so if their clients can book their rides and yes they still call back to tell the person how long they will be. I just found out that Prince George Transit will cost just $1.00 per ride on Canada day... 7 days from now! Plan your ride to Ft George Park for the events there and save finding a parking spot! The world’s leading online taxi dispatch system. Our cloud-based system is available all over the world directly from your browser, providing a flexible solution, scalable to meet the needs of any size fleet. Our end-to-end solution offers complete fleet management control. Run reports on completed trips, track your vehicles in real-time and manage corporate accounts. Quickly and efficiently dispatch calls in your browser with caller id. Works with virtually any VoIP provider in the world or with your own existing local PBX. This years was a great success, we had alot of door prizes plus lots of entertainment, there was a guitarist named Charles Gauthier and he sang, everyone raved about his talent,, there was also a Elvis impersonater by the name of Robert Saunders and he did wonderful. We would like to thank Jade Young for her photography all night and also we would like to thank the Royal Purple elastic band, also the caulinary staff who provided us with wonderful food, also to the Zettle family with their music and We wuld also like to thank Ken Biron for his fantastic Mcing all night. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Watch the bowl, and if you notice colored water in a manner of seconds, you will know you have something that has to be taken care of. You will be able to check their license and if people have complained about this specific contractor. If they are not licensed or have complaints, you can simply move forward and find someone who does. You should always be aware of where the main water cut-off valve is located on your property. You will see the water meter close by or on it. Fixtures, such as toilets and sinks, may also be equipped with individual cut-off valves. Show each family member the location of the valves, and then add markings that show how they should be turned off if an emergency occurs. Plumbing requires more skill then just routing water from point A to point B. One of the common things that a plumber works on is fixing water lines. Many people will let plumbers shake them down for high fees, so they will pay whatever price the plumber demands. If you own your home, then it behooves you to understand plumbing concepts to the degree that you can assess a professional plumber's work. More information about 10 Best Plumbing Repair Justin Tx. If your toilet happens to be clogged, there is a low level of water in toilet, and a plunger is not doing the trick, you can sometimes fix the problem by dumping warm water into your toilet at waist level (or maybe even a little higher). Do this as often as necessary if the water level gets too low. Never use your hands to try fixing your garbage disposal. Even an un-powered garbage disposal is turned off they can be dangerous. You can look online to get schematics or troubleshooting advice for the disposal that you have. Check the floors in your bathroom for soft areas around the floors. If you are looking for Plumber Emergency Call Only Penwell Tx, sports tickets and theater seats at the best prices click here. It Is Important To Hire A Professional To Handle Your Plumbing There are a lot of things that can arise when dealing with plumbing. </s>" <s> Watch the bowl, and if you notice colored water in a manner of seconds, you will know you have something that has to be taken care of. You will be able to check their license and if people have complained about this specific contractor. If they are not licensed or have complaints, you can simply move forward and find someone who does. You should always be aware of where the main water cut-off valve is located on your property. You will see the water meter close by or on it. Fixtures, such as toilets and sinks, may also be equipped with individual cut-off valves. Show each family member the location of the valves, and then add markings that show how they should be turned off if an emergency occurs. Plumbing requires more skill then just routing water from point A to point B. One of the common things that a plumber works on is fixing water lines. Many people will let plumbers shake them down for high fees, so they will pay whatever price the plumber demands. If you own your home, then it behooves you to understand plumbing concepts to the degree that you can assess a professional plumber's work. More information about 10 Best Plumbing Repair Justin Tx. If your toilet happens to be clogged, there is a low level of water in toilet, and a plunger is not doing the trick, you can sometimes fix the problem by dumping warm water into your toilet at waist level (or maybe even a little higher). Do this as often as necessary if the water level gets too low. Never use your hands to try fixing your garbage disposal. Even an un-powered garbage disposal is turned off they can be dangerous. You can look online to get schematics or troubleshooting advice for the disposal that you have. Check the floors in your bathroom for soft areas around the floors. If you are looking for Plumber Emergency Call Only Penwell Tx, sports tickets and theater seats at the best prices click here. It Is Important To Hire A Professional To Handle Your Plumbing There are a lot of things that can arise when dealing with plumbing. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> If you’ve been to the farm recently and meandered across the wooden bridge that leads to the koppie, you would have noticed that the riverbanks have been cleared to showcase our new cycad collection. We’re proud to host almost all of the 41 South African indigenous cycad species. The well-known South African cycad superficially resembles a small palm with divided leaves in a central rosette, and varies in size, from stemless to almost 10 m tall. Cycads are cone-bearing, true living fossils and remnants of the past, with only some 300 species left on earth. Together with other cone bearers such as pines, spruces, yellow woods and cypresses, the cone-bearing plants represent less than 1 % of the world’s flora. Like most species with restricted distributions, some of them are at the brink of extinction. Of the very rare Wood’s Cycad (Encephalartos woodii) only a single male clone remained at Ngoya Forest in KwaZulu-Natal. After its discovery by Medley Wood, in 1895, it was removed and taken to Durban’s botanical gardens, from where the plant was divided and sent to various institutions. Several hundreds have been propagated, of which we have one here in the garden. Although some species have been illegally exploited from the wild, and are critically rare or extinct today, most cycads are easily grown from seed or vegetative suckers and numbers in cultivation are on the increase. Replanting mature specimens however are a bit trickier, and great care had to be taken during transport and planting of our cycad collection. The plants were carefully dug out, the roots bound with the root ball intact and a crane was used to lift the plants into the truck. Any damaged parts of the roots or stems were also treated with a fungicide, preventing fungal diseases. Our soil consists of alluvium and is clay based, so sufficient drainage had to be established first, and sand had to be added to the mixture, which provided extra drainage. Back on the farm the holes were prepared, the plants planted and supported with ropes, before they could finally settle in. Join botanist Ernst van Jaarsveld and our garden team on 25th of May for our first hands-on cycad workshop to learn about propagating, growing and caring for your cycads. Find all the information about the workshops here, or email enquiries@babylonstoren.com to make a booking. Ek stel baie belang in “geophytic pelargoniums”, maar het agtergekom hulle is maar skaars. Hier op Struisbaai groei Pel. Lobatum en Pel. Tristee wat ek wel het. U weet nie waar ek van dit in die hande kan kry nie, natuurlik om te koop, of saad dalk. Ek het al n paartjies by Leigh Niewoudt gekoop. Daar is egter baie soorte wat ek orals maar navraag doen. Pel Klinghartense het ek ook al baie gesoek, dis so mooi, om die waarheid te sê al die soorte is uiters mooi. Miskien weet u dalk. Baie dankie hoop om van u te hoor. Beste Kitty, ons vra dat Ernst jou sommer direk kontak. Jy kan hom ook e-pos by ernst@babylonstoren.com. </s>" <s> If you’ve been to the farm recently and meandered across the wooden bridge that leads to the koppie, you would have noticed that the riverbanks have been cleared to showcase our new cycad collection. We’re proud to host almost all of the 41 South African indigenous cycad species. The well-known South African cycad superficially resembles a small palm with divided leaves in a central rosette, and varies in size, from stemless to almost 10 m tall. Cycads are cone-bearing, true living fossils and remnants of the past, with only some 300 species left on earth. Together with other cone bearers such as pines, spruces, yellow woods and cypresses, the cone-bearing plants represent less than 1 % of the world’s flora. Like most species with restricted distributions, some of them are at the brink of extinction. Of the very rare Wood’s Cycad (Encephalartos woodii) only a single male clone remained at Ngoya Forest in KwaZulu-Natal. After its discovery by Medley Wood, in 1895, it was removed and taken to Durban’s botanical gardens, from where the plant was divided and sent to various institutions. Several hundreds have been propagated, of which we have one here in the garden. Although some species have been illegally exploited from the wild, and are critically rare or extinct today, most cycads are easily grown from seed or vegetative suckers and numbers in cultivation are on the increase. Replanting mature specimens however are a bit trickier, and great care had to be taken during transport and planting of our cycad collection. The plants were carefully dug out, the roots bound with the root ball intact and a crane was used to lift the plants into the truck. Any damaged parts of the roots or stems were also treated with a fungicide, preventing fungal diseases. Our soil consists of alluvium and is clay based, so sufficient drainage had to be established first, and sand had to be added to the mixture, which provided extra drainage. Back on the farm the holes were prepared, the plants planted and supported with ropes, before they could finally settle in. Join botanist Ernst van Jaarsveld and our garden team on 25th of May for our first hands-on cycad workshop to learn about propagating, growing and caring for your cycads. Find all the information about the workshops here, or email enquiries@babylonstoren.com to make a booking. Ek stel baie belang in “geophytic pelargoniums”, maar het agtergekom hulle is maar skaars. Hier op Struisbaai groei Pel. Lobatum en Pel. Tristee wat ek wel het. U weet nie waar ek van dit in die hande kan kry nie, natuurlik om te koop, of saad dalk. Ek het al n paartjies by Leigh Niewoudt gekoop. Daar is egter baie soorte wat ek orals maar navraag doen. Pel Klinghartense het ek ook al baie gesoek, dis so mooi, om die waarheid te sê al die soorte is uiters mooi. Miskien weet u dalk. Baie dankie hoop om van u te hoor. Beste Kitty, ons vra dat Ernst jou sommer direk kontak. Jy kan hom ook e-pos by ernst@babylonstoren.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Labor has been good to Susana Mendoza, who’s expected to file nearly $260,000 into her comptroller’s campaign account today. The bulk of that—about $178,000—is from unions. The latest infusion of funding comes from A-1 donations and will bring her cash on hand to $1.6 million for the comptroller’s race. Mendoza’s also as a possible candidate for mayor, though she’s declined to say whether she’s running. Mendoza filed the comptroller campaign donations while on an extended trip to Washington, D.C., to engage donors and policy makers. Mendoza has the luxury to poke around at the idea of a mayoral run as she has a commanding lead over her Republican challenger for comptroller—Mendoza sits at 52 percent to Darlene Senger’s 34 percent, according to a poll conducted by Global Strategy Group. Most of Mendoza’s support (71 percent) is from Chicago. Well, that was certainly a flattering piece. Way to go, Mendoza camp. • Susana Mendoza holds a strong lead in the race for Illinois Comptroller. Mendoza currently leads a multi-candidate ballot by double-digits (47% Mendoza, 25% Senger, 9% Ball, and 19% undecided) as well as the two-way ballot with Darlene Senger where Mendoza breaks the 50% threshold (52% Mendoza vs. 34% Senger). Democrats (84%), particularly liberal Democrats (89%), voters in the city of Chicago (71%), African-American voters (65%), and voters under the age of 45 (60%) are driving Mendoza’s lead on the two-way ballot. • Mendoza is better known and more well-regarded than Senger. Those who are familiar with Mendoza feel warmly toward her (43% familiar; 29% favorable vs. 14% unfavorable). That gives Mendoza a 30-point name ID advantage over Darlene Senger (13% familiar; 9% favorable vs. 4% unfavorable). Mendoza’s favorability is driven largely by her popularity in Chicago where almost six in ten voters are familiar (57% familiar) and those who know her like her (41% favorable vs. 16% unfavorable). The same is true for Democrats (54% familiar; 46% favorable vs. 8% unfavorable), liberal Democrats (62% familiar; 51% favorable vs. 11% unfavorable), and African- American voters (51% familiar; 35% favorable vs. 15% unfavorable). ABOUT THIS POLL: Global Strategy Group conducted a live telephone survey of 600 Illinois general election voters from July 23- July 26, 2018. The results of this survey have a margin of error of +/-4.0%. Care has been taken to ensure that the survey is weighted to reflect the expected makeup of the 2018 general electorate. A few quick takeaways. But keep in mind that this is just one poll taken for the comptroller and it was conducted in late July and all we have to go on is this cherry-picked memo. Also, this is a three-way race so she doesn’t need 50 percent plus one to win. 1) The poll may be old, but the memo was apparently crafted on September 9th, so the language is deliberately skewed to highlight a potential Chicago mayor’s race. But, if the numbers are close to accurate, she’s pretty well-liked in the city and by liberals and African-Americans. That’s a powerful combo. Notice, however, they didn’t include Latinx voters. But, again, while old, those are not discouraging numbers at all. And since Rauner is so wildly unpopular in the city, she can definitely use her constant fights with him to her advantage if she runs for mayor. 3) Senger had 13 percent statewide familiarity with just 9 percent favorability in July. Yikes. Even for July, that’s a yikes. She’s reported a mere $11,200 in contributions this quarter (plus an in-kind of $1,634 for an event room rental and food), compared to $340,100 for Mendoza, who was sitting on $1.4 million at the end of June, compared to just $32K for Senger. In other words, she’s definitely gonna need some Rauner bucks, but there might not be enough Rauner bucks in the world to win that one. Plus, he’s so far given no indication that big cash is forthcoming. He’s funding himself and the House Republicans and throwing some money at the attorney general’s race. But he’s also been clearly saying that others need to “chip in” to his effort. 4) While Mendoza had a big lead in July and currently has a decent pile of cash, there could be a temptation to sit on her advantage and hoard her dough for next year. One election at a time. The Republicans have tried to make a tiny bit of hay out of her possible mayoral bid, but that could intensify. Aside from “Because... Madigan!” it’s all they really seem to have. Will she serve out her full term if elected in November? Nobody has yet asked her that question. Anything else you noticed or thought? It’s one thing to need Rauner’s big bucks but it’s another thing to completely stop trying. This is a top tier statewide race and Senger’s fundraising is anemic compared to middle of the road state house races. The muscle memory for how to campaign is completely gone. What happens next cycle if the Rauner’s aren’t mailing in checks from Italy? Senger is a former legislator and former IPI staffer. She has access to a network to build starter money and then she and her fundraising staff should be doing what every other successful non-self funding candidate does: calling strangers and asking them for money. Republicans whine and whine about how the Democrats have rigged the game but just about every time you actually look at what’s going on you see repeated examples of Republican campaign negligence and incompetence. They’re not doing the minimum basic things necessary to help themselves. Why wouldn’t she jump? Unless Durbin isn’t running in ‘20? She’s in a safe seat. If she goes and wins and Rauner is Governor would he appoint Kenny Dunkin to the Comptroller office? It also sets up a special election scenario for 2020 in a Presidential year for a new Comptroller. If JB is Governor who would he appoint to that seat? Biss? Since Mendoza won, tough to find mistakes to the governing or the politics. The real noticeable part of the transformation from the Munger counter candidate to arguably one of the best base operation in Illinois politics is Mendoza understanding her messaging and how she goes about her business needed the right bunch to allow her to be her, and back her up with a follow up punch that gives her even more zip. Abdon and his crew, it’s a treat to read their work and support Mendoza as she’s doing Mendoza things, and this crew understands who they are, they don’t overreach, and use her talents and passions to shoo away talk of a climber or opportunist. If you think on it, her last legislative session, and her legislative accomplishments, I dunno if Candidate Mendoza coulda done all that, but working as she has with the group and then letting Mendoza be herself and supporting where thoughts need filling... whew. Two totally different crews and people, but it’s Mendoza’s passion coupled with the right people in the right spots doing the right work... tough to see who could beat her for Comptroller right now, Darlene or another. Unless she wants to retire as mayor why go there? As a Republican who really has no one to vote for state wide she has my vote. I have hunk she would be an excellent governor if she wants to wait. But as said above a U sSenate rub me got be in the future. When Rauner is gone who picks up pieces of the Republican Party? Walsh? Ives? God help the Republican s. The job now is difficult, treacherous, probably thankless, and will be more bad than good for a while, but Mayor of Chicago... it’s still a top 5 job. Preckwinkle v. Mendoza would be a fascinating race; superficially, they have a lot of similarities (minority women, liberal but comfortable with the establishment, etc.). And if Mendoza runs and wins, and Jesse White retires mid-term, the statewide ticket would radically change in a pretty short time. Not so you’d notice. She’s raised oogats. It’s September — what’s she waiting for, if she has the chops to raise money? If she coulda, she woulda, by now. She thinks she can be mayor after two years as comptroller? No way. She’s nuttier than Mr. Peanut. “M” Daley was a State’s Attorney and a state Senator. In other words, perfectly qualified. Pretty sure she thinks she can be Mayor after winning an election for the job, which is the only real qualification. She was city clerk and a legislator too. How much government experience did your fave have before he was elected president? Why should she be held to a higher standard for a much lower office? Am I the only one surprised by Senger’s 34 percent? Can’t believe it’s that high. You’d have to be to want to be the next Mayor. “..well liked by liberals and African Americans...” Maybe liberals but wouldn’t bet the ranch on A.A. Especially, if it’s a choice between her and Toni. Have you reviewed her record on criminal justice? Rauner was never my fave. I hope you’re not referring to the current president. Rich: Just because a poll is “old”, doesn’t mean the numbers aren’t accurate. All polls are old. They are a snapshot as things stand at that time. But let’s be honest, nothing materially have changed in the Comptroller’s race so my very educated guess is the numbers hold. She should run for mayor because she is exactly what Chicago needs. When she was in the GA, she took on gangs. Chicago needs a firecracker like her. Nah... that’s roughly the % of partisan Republicans in IL. Mendoza is perfectly suited for Comptroller and doing a great job. She is not mayoral material. Comptroller has the benefit of not really ever having to decide anything while constantly playing the gadfly. She is great at that. Mayor of Chicago is very different. She also is a creation of the Speaker, full stop. He is the reason she is the Comptroller and Dan Biss is not. I think it would be problematic for the Speaker to have that type of influence on the 5th Floor. Things worked best when RMD had his own gravitas and didn’t need to rely on him. ... and yet, when choosing sides, Mendoza’s legislative agenda got passed, some by utterly ridiculous majorities. Mendoza... asked and answered... ask former Comptroller Munger and her Chicago numbers against Mendoza. What legislation has Mendoza passed without the Speaker’s full support and shoulder behind it? What was even remotely controversial? Are you citing Mendoza’s Chicago election results against a rich Republican from the North Shore as evidence of something? Come on. It was to Rauner, yet, it passed, some with veto proof majorities. Explain the Senate and the vote totals. They were well beyond party lines. Bipartisan even. As in college football.., you can only beat who is on the schedule. Mendoza also has run city-wide. In her tenure in the House, and as Comptroller, has she ever bucked the Speaker? When Ohio State beats Ball State by 30, people know better than to brag about it. Munger lost an election with that thought. What else ya got? This is tired old road. If anything you are trying to peddle was true, Rauner would’ve tried to beat Mendoza. He’s not trying this November. Susana has run citywide twice but was only opposed once. She definitely has the troops - it helps to have the heavies behind you. Munger is not at the caliber of the people being discussed for Mayor. I can tell you like her, I like her, too. She won’t wind up running if TP gets in because the powers that be won’t permit it and they’ve gotten her this far. Just my two cents. Also who is App State and who is Michigan in your analogy? Nope. I like the politics of this game. It’s racing form sketch of what that race *could* be. Don’t make it about me, you haven’t refuted anything I wrote. Kass hasn’t written anything relevant in 9 years. If you knew Chicago a bit, you would know that. I’m not talking about Willy Wilson. I’m talking about Gutierrez, Preckwinkle, Quigley. And I write the above as an avowed Kass fan, he just seems to have lost his voice a little when Daley quit. But Willie Wilson IS running. So, there’s that. Really. Huh. Interesting. Glad you told me, I had no idea. I’m new to Illinois. Any help you can offer would be great. I thought Kass was a big deal. He’s not. Wow. Huh. Me? Being new and all, I’m a huge fan of Kristen McQueary. She has her finger on things. I’ll always be #TeamFran for Chicago and Rich, obviously, for state stuff which I am sure you agree with. I also think we can agree that Susana is good but I think you are oversimplifying things. You brought up previous Mayors and minimized their experience which I think was wrongheaded. “Rahm was a congressman.” - and COS to Citywide hero. ““M” Daley was a State’s Attorney and a state Senator.” - and son of the longest serving mayor (previously). Washington was a state senator, a congressman, and had a towering intellect that has been unmatched from that office since. Still, but a congressman. Rahm himself in his announcement talks about his own electoral history. Who lost to Washington, a felon, a congressman, and Byrne, who beat Bilandic “because snow”... keeping it all simple. But won as Daley and Byrne split the vote, making timing probably a better mitigating factor. I have a lot to learn, I know that. Thanks for getting me up to speed. So any predictions on how this race shakes out or do you want to continue subjecting us to your pedantic political haikus? I have no idea how it’ll shake out, but only two candidates have my attention, Preckwinkle and Mendoza. That’s a respectable and fair position. I’d widen the field a little bit but agree with the premise. I’m more curious of when folks start officially diving in and whether there is any advantage to doing it soon. Rahm waited until the first week of Oct or thereabouts. I think the end of next week seems a bit better this time around. Rahm was busy looking for the wedding dress. You can’t fault him for the timing. Laquan took down two heavyweight electeds, just took a little longer for the second one. In the village of the blind, the one eyed man is king. Still never made Alvarez a “king”. Lol good question. Always a mystery to me how he lasted. Devine was a “M” Daley assistant state’s attorney. The 50% threshold in a “two way” poll allows Mendoza’s polling strength to be seen in a “majority” way, solidifying and taking away the “where would undecideds go”. Neat lil bit to sell her above half. Smart. Be fair. The Two Eddies just lifted him out of his high-chair to see if he could walk and feed himself. But he’s an outstanding chronicler of what he sees on the Fox TV box. If you want a review of cable news grievances from three days ago, he’s tops. You didn’t wonder why Kass — on Trib Page Two, for all these years — never put a glove on Fast Eddie or Burke? If you can’t spot the chump the first time the deal goes round, you’re it. </s>" <s> Labor has been good to Susana Mendoza, who’s expected to file nearly $260,000 into her comptroller’s campaign account today. The bulk of that—about $178,000—is from unions. The latest infusion of funding comes from A-1 donations and will bring her cash on hand to $1.6 million for the comptroller’s race. Mendoza’s also as a possible candidate for mayor, though she’s declined to say whether she’s running. Mendoza filed the comptroller campaign donations while on an extended trip to Washington, D.C., to engage donors and policy makers. Mendoza has the luxury to poke around at the idea of a mayoral run as she has a commanding lead over her Republican challenger for comptroller—Mendoza sits at 52 percent to Darlene Senger’s 34 percent, according to a poll conducted by Global Strategy Group. Most of Mendoza’s support (71 percent) is from Chicago. Well, that was certainly a flattering piece. Way to go, Mendoza camp. • Susana Mendoza holds a strong lead in the race for Illinois Comptroller. Mendoza currently leads a multi-candidate ballot by double-digits (47% Mendoza, 25% Senger, 9% Ball, and 19% undecided) as well as the two-way ballot with Darlene Senger where Mendoza breaks the 50% threshold (52% Mendoza vs. 34% Senger). Democrats (84%), particularly liberal Democrats (89%), voters in the city of Chicago (71%), African-American voters (65%), and voters under the age of 45 (60%) are driving Mendoza’s lead on the two-way ballot. • Mendoza is better known and more well-regarded than Senger. Those who are familiar with Mendoza feel warmly toward her (43% familiar; 29% favorable vs. 14% unfavorable). That gives Mendoza a 30-point name ID advantage over Darlene Senger (13% familiar; 9% favorable vs. 4% unfavorable). Mendoza’s favorability is driven largely by her popularity in Chicago where almost six in ten voters are familiar (57% familiar) and those who know her like her (41% favorable vs. 16% unfavorable). The same is true for Democrats (54% familiar; 46% favorable vs. 8% unfavorable), liberal Democrats (62% familiar; 51% favorable vs. 11% unfavorable), and African- American voters (51% familiar; 35% favorable vs. 15% unfavorable). ABOUT THIS POLL: Global Strategy Group conducted a live telephone survey of 600 Illinois general election voters from July 23- July 26, 2018. The results of this survey have a margin of error of +/-4.0%. Care has been taken to ensure that the survey is weighted to reflect the expected makeup of the 2018 general electorate. A few quick takeaways. But keep in mind that this is just one poll taken for the comptroller and it was conducted in late July and all we have to go on is this cherry-picked memo. Also, this is a three-way race so she doesn’t need 50 percent plus one to win. 1) The poll may be old, but the memo was apparently crafted on September 9th, so the language is deliberately skewed to highlight a potential Chicago mayor’s race. But, if the numbers are close to accurate, she’s pretty well-liked in the city and by liberals and African-Americans. That’s a powerful combo. Notice, however, they didn’t include Latinx voters. But, again, while old, those are not discouraging numbers at all. And since Rauner is so wildly unpopular in the city, she can definitely use her constant fights with him to her advantage if she runs for mayor. 3) Senger had 13 percent statewide familiarity with just 9 percent favorability in July. Yikes. Even for July, that’s a yikes. She’s reported a mere $11,200 in contributions this quarter (plus an in-kind of $1,634 for an event room rental and food), compared to $340,100 for Mendoza, who was sitting on $1.4 million at the end of June, compared to just $32K for Senger. In other words, she’s definitely gonna need some Rauner bucks, but there might not be enough Rauner bucks in the world to win that one. Plus, he’s so far given no indication that big cash is forthcoming. He’s funding himself and the House Republicans and throwing some money at the attorney general’s race. But he’s also been clearly saying that others need to “chip in” to his effort. 4) While Mendoza had a big lead in July and currently has a decent pile of cash, there could be a temptation to sit on her advantage and hoard her dough for next year. One election at a time. The Republicans have tried to make a tiny bit of hay out of her possible mayoral bid, but that could intensify. Aside from “Because... Madigan!” it’s all they really seem to have. Will she serve out her full term if elected in November? Nobody has yet asked her that question. Anything else you noticed or thought? It’s one thing to need Rauner’s big bucks but it’s another thing to completely stop trying. This is a top tier statewide race and Senger’s fundraising is anemic compared to middle of the road state house races. The muscle memory for how to campaign is completely gone. What happens next cycle if the Rauner’s aren’t mailing in checks from Italy? Senger is a former legislator and former IPI staffer. She has access to a network to build starter money and then she and her fundraising staff should be doing what every other successful non-self funding candidate does: calling strangers and asking them for money. Republicans whine and whine about how the Democrats have rigged the game but just about every time you actually look at what’s going on you see repeated examples of Republican campaign negligence and incompetence. They’re not doing the minimum basic things necessary to help themselves. Why wouldn’t she jump? Unless Durbin isn’t running in ‘20? She’s in a safe seat. If she goes and wins and Rauner is Governor would he appoint Kenny Dunkin to the Comptroller office? It also sets up a special election scenario for 2020 in a Presidential year for a new Comptroller. If JB is Governor who would he appoint to that seat? Biss? Since Mendoza won, tough to find mistakes to the governing or the politics. The real noticeable part of the transformation from the Munger counter candidate to arguably one of the best base operation in Illinois politics is Mendoza understanding her messaging and how she goes about her business needed the right bunch to allow her to be her, and back her up with a follow up punch that gives her even more zip. Abdon and his crew, it’s a treat to read their work and support Mendoza as she’s doing Mendoza things, and this crew understands who they are, they don’t overreach, and use her talents and passions to shoo away talk of a climber or opportunist. If you think on it, her last legislative session, and her legislative accomplishments, I dunno if Candidate Mendoza coulda done all that, but working as she has with the group and then letting Mendoza be herself and supporting where thoughts need filling... whew. Two totally different crews and people, but it’s Mendoza’s passion coupled with the right people in the right spots doing the right work... tough to see who could beat her for Comptroller right now, Darlene or another. Unless she wants to retire as mayor why go there? As a Republican who really has no one to vote for state wide she has my vote. I have hunk she would be an excellent governor if she wants to wait. But as said above a U sSenate rub me got be in the future. When Rauner is gone who picks up pieces of the Republican Party? Walsh? Ives? God help the Republican s. The job now is difficult, treacherous, probably thankless, and will be more bad than good for a while, but Mayor of Chicago... it’s still a top 5 job. Preckwinkle v. Mendoza would be a fascinating race; superficially, they have a lot of similarities (minority women, liberal but comfortable with the establishment, etc.). And if Mendoza runs and wins, and Jesse White retires mid-term, the statewide ticket would radically change in a pretty short time. Not so you’d notice. She’s raised oogats. It’s September — what’s she waiting for, if she has the chops to raise money? If she coulda, she woulda, by now. She thinks she can be mayor after two years as comptroller? No way. She’s nuttier than Mr. Peanut. “M” Daley was a State’s Attorney and a state Senator. In other words, perfectly qualified. Pretty sure she thinks she can be Mayor after winning an election for the job, which is the only real qualification. She was city clerk and a legislator too. How much government experience did your fave have before he was elected president? Why should she be held to a higher standard for a much lower office? Am I the only one surprised by Senger’s 34 percent? Can’t believe it’s that high. You’d have to be to want to be the next Mayor. “..well liked by liberals and African Americans...” Maybe liberals but wouldn’t bet the ranch on A.A. Especially, if it’s a choice between her and Toni. Have you reviewed her record on criminal justice? Rauner was never my fave. I hope you’re not referring to the current president. Rich: Just because a poll is “old”, doesn’t mean the numbers aren’t accurate. All polls are old. They are a snapshot as things stand at that time. But let’s be honest, nothing materially have changed in the Comptroller’s race so my very educated guess is the numbers hold. She should run for mayor because she is exactly what Chicago needs. When she was in the GA, she took on gangs. Chicago needs a firecracker like her. Nah... that’s roughly the % of partisan Republicans in IL. Mendoza is perfectly suited for Comptroller and doing a great job. She is not mayoral material. Comptroller has the benefit of not really ever having to decide anything while constantly playing the gadfly. She is great at that. Mayor of Chicago is very different. She also is a creation of the Speaker, full stop. He is the reason she is the Comptroller and Dan Biss is not. I think it would be problematic for the Speaker to have that type of influence on the 5th Floor. Things worked best when RMD had his own gravitas and didn’t need to rely on him. ... and yet, when choosing sides, Mendoza’s legislative agenda got passed, some by utterly ridiculous majorities. Mendoza... asked and answered... ask former Comptroller Munger and her Chicago numbers against Mendoza. What legislation has Mendoza passed without the Speaker’s full support and shoulder behind it? What was even remotely controversial? Are you citing Mendoza’s Chicago election results against a rich Republican from the North Shore as evidence of something? Come on. It was to Rauner, yet, it passed, some with veto proof majorities. Explain the Senate and the vote totals. They were well beyond party lines. Bipartisan even. As in college football.., you can only beat who is on the schedule. Mendoza also has run city-wide. In her tenure in the House, and as Comptroller, has she ever bucked the Speaker? When Ohio State beats Ball State by 30, people know better than to brag about it. Munger lost an election with that thought. What else ya got? This is tired old road. If anything you are trying to peddle was true, Rauner would’ve tried to beat Mendoza. He’s not trying this November. Susana has run citywide twice but was only opposed once. She definitely has the troops - it helps to have the heavies behind you. Munger is not at the caliber of the people being discussed for Mayor. I can tell you like her, I like her, too. She won’t wind up running if TP gets in because the powers that be won’t permit it and they’ve gotten her this far. Just my two cents. Also who is App State and who is Michigan in your analogy? Nope. I like the politics of this game. It’s racing form sketch of what that race *could* be. Don’t make it about me, you haven’t refuted anything I wrote. Kass hasn’t written anything relevant in 9 years. If you knew Chicago a bit, you would know that. I’m not talking about Willy Wilson. I’m talking about Gutierrez, Preckwinkle, Quigley. And I write the above as an avowed Kass fan, he just seems to have lost his voice a little when Daley quit. But Willie Wilson IS running. So, there’s that. Really. Huh. Interesting. Glad you told me, I had no idea. I’m new to Illinois. Any help you can offer would be great. I thought Kass was a big deal. He’s not. Wow. Huh. Me? Being new and all, I’m a huge fan of Kristen McQueary. She has her finger on things. I’ll always be #TeamFran for Chicago and Rich, obviously, for state stuff which I am sure you agree with. I also think we can agree that Susana is good but I think you are oversimplifying things. You brought up previous Mayors and minimized their experience which I think was wrongheaded. “Rahm was a congressman.” - and COS to Citywide hero. ““M” Daley was a State’s Attorney and a state Senator.” - and son of the longest serving mayor (previously). Washington was a state senator, a congressman, and had a towering intellect that has been unmatched from that office since. Still, but a congressman. Rahm himself in his announcement talks about his own electoral history. Who lost to Washington, a felon, a congressman, and Byrne, who beat Bilandic “because snow”... keeping it all simple. But won as Daley and Byrne split the vote, making timing probably a better mitigating factor. I have a lot to learn, I know that. Thanks for getting me up to speed. So any predictions on how this race shakes out or do you want to continue subjecting us to your pedantic political haikus? I have no idea how it’ll shake out, but only two candidates have my attention, Preckwinkle and Mendoza. That’s a respectable and fair position. I’d widen the field a little bit but agree with the premise. I’m more curious of when folks start officially diving in and whether there is any advantage to doing it soon. Rahm waited until the first week of Oct or thereabouts. I think the end of next week seems a bit better this time around. Rahm was busy looking for the wedding dress. You can’t fault him for the timing. Laquan took down two heavyweight electeds, just took a little longer for the second one. In the village of the blind, the one eyed man is king. Still never made Alvarez a “king”. Lol good question. Always a mystery to me how he lasted. Devine was a “M” Daley assistant state’s attorney. The 50% threshold in a “two way” poll allows Mendoza’s polling strength to be seen in a “majority” way, solidifying and taking away the “where would undecideds go”. Neat lil bit to sell her above half. Smart. Be fair. The Two Eddies just lifted him out of his high-chair to see if he could walk and feed himself. But he’s an outstanding chronicler of what he sees on the Fox TV box. If you want a review of cable news grievances from three days ago, he’s tops. You didn’t wonder why Kass — on Trib Page Two, for all these years — never put a glove on Fast Eddie or Burke? If you can’t spot the chump the first time the deal goes round, you’re it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Santa Claus Pressed Cardboard Candy Container Decoration Vintage Gold Belt #2. Santa is standing with one arm at his side & one on his belly. Brightly painted in red, white, gold, flesh tones, & blue. The candy was inserted in a small container in the base. 4 1/2"" wide x 4"" deep x 7 tall. Some paint loss on the back of his head, around the base & on some of the protruding areas. Xmas Bx 1 Shp Stock # 3OP15S1-20711150. The item ""Santa Claus Pressed Cardboard Candy Container Decoration Vintage Gold Belt #2"" is in sale since Wednesday, July 6, 2016. This item is in the category ""Collectibles\Holiday & Seasonal\Christmas\ Vintage (Pre-1946)\Figures\Santa"". </s>" <s> Santa Claus Pressed Cardboard Candy Container Decoration Vintage Gold Belt #2. Santa is standing with one arm at his side & one on his belly. Brightly painted in red, white, gold, flesh tones, & blue. The candy was inserted in a small container in the base. 4 "1/2""" wide x "4""" deep x 7 tall. Some paint loss on the back of his head, around the base & on some of the protruding areas. Xmas Bx 1 Shp Stock # 3OP15S1-20711150. The item """Santa" Claus Pressed Cardboard Candy Container Decoration Vintage Gold Belt "#2""" is in sale since Wednesday, July 6, 2016. This item is in the category """Collectibles\Holiday" & Seasonal\Christmas\ Vintage "(Pre-1946)\Figures\Santa""." </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> A three-night getaway to reconnect. Cedar Rock Ministries believes your marriage is intended to be a reflection of a holy and loving God. Strong marriages empower us to be good parents, friends, mentors, and leaders in our churches and communities. For this reason, we’ve created a three-night retreat for just you and your spouse. The One Couple Retreat offers a three-night stay at a beautiful bed and breakfast overlooking the Little Red River in Searcy, AR. This retreat package includes ten hours of focused counsel and guidance with Nick and Renee, and free time each day to rest, reflect, hike, swim, fish, paddle board, and spend meaningful time together. Daily breakfast and lunch are included, and you will enjoy private access to all of the amenities as the River House is reserved just for you! Day 1: Arrive between 7 and 9 PM, get settled in, and enjoy a private relaxing evening together. Days 2 & 3: Breakfast with the Fouts, followed by focused counsel and guidance until lunch. Following lunch, spend the rest of the day as you like! Day 4: Breakfast with the Fouts, followed by some closing reflections before departing mid-morning. *For dinner, there are a variety of restaurant options only 10-15 minutes away from the River House. Are you a couple who finds communication, intimacy, and connection more and more difficult as the years go by? Or, perhaps life has simply become so busy that your focus and attention has slowly drifted away from your marriage to the other commitments and responsibilities in your life. While this retreat is not meant for marriages in crisis, it is the perfect opportunity for any couple who wants to grow in their relationship with God and each other. Your marriage is worth it! With this retreat, we’ve created a holy space for couples to listen, reflect, rest, and enjoy one another away from the busy routines of everyday life. If you would like to learn more about this retreat opportunity for yourself or a friend, please contact us today! </s>" <s> A three-night getaway to reconnect. Cedar Rock Ministries believes your marriage is intended to be a reflection of a holy and loving God. Strong marriages empower us to be good parents, friends, mentors, and leaders in our churches and communities. For this reason, we’ve created a three-night retreat for just you and your spouse. The One Couple Retreat offers a three-night stay at a beautiful bed and breakfast overlooking the Little Red River in Searcy, AR. This retreat package includes ten hours of focused counsel and guidance with Nick and Renee, and free time each day to rest, reflect, hike, swim, fish, paddle board, and spend meaningful time together. Daily breakfast and lunch are included, and you will enjoy private access to all of the amenities as the River House is reserved just for you! Day 1: Arrive between 7 and 9 PM, get settled in, and enjoy a private relaxing evening together. Days 2 & 3: Breakfast with the Fouts, followed by focused counsel and guidance until lunch. Following lunch, spend the rest of the day as you like! Day 4: Breakfast with the Fouts, followed by some closing reflections before departing mid-morning. *For dinner, there are a variety of restaurant options only 10-15 minutes away from the River House. Are you a couple who finds communication, intimacy, and connection more and more difficult as the years go by? Or, perhaps life has simply become so busy that your focus and attention has slowly drifted away from your marriage to the other commitments and responsibilities in your life. While this retreat is not meant for marriages in crisis, it is the perfect opportunity for any couple who wants to grow in their relationship with God and each other. Your marriage is worth it! With this retreat, we’ve created a holy space for couples to listen, reflect, rest, and enjoy one another away from the busy routines of everyday life. If you would like to learn more about this retreat opportunity for yourself or a friend, please contact us today! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> 1) What exactly is the Repair Café? Repair Café Palo Alto is a volunteer-driven nonprofit patterned after the Repair Café movement that started and now flourishes in the Netherlands. The aim of the Repair Café movement is to reduce the amount of “stuff” that ends up in the waste stream by helping you fix items that you might otherwise throw away. 2) What have been your experiences so far? Hundreds of people have brought their broken household items to our events where repair volunteers worked with them to help restore their items to working order. Visitors and volunteers have worked on bicycles, sewing projects, lamps, jewelry & crafts, small household appliances like toasters, irons and vacuum cleaners, luggage, furniture, small mechanical things like lawnmowers and weed whacker, electrical appliances like clocks, dvd and cd players, and computes and computer-related items. Our fix it success rate runs over 65%, but depends heavily on the item. 3) What do we pay for this service? 4) Can you tell me in advance if you can fix my broken item? Unfortunately, it is impossible for us to know whether we can fix your broken item unless you bring it to the Repair Café. 5) Where and when is the next Repair Café? The Museum of American Heritage (www.moah.org) at 351 Homer Avenue in Palo Alto hosts the Repair Café. There is street parking near the Museum. See home page for the current schedule. Events run from 11am to 3pm. Please show up before 2:30, as this increases the likelihood of our having enough time to fix your item. 6) What should I expect if I come to the Repair Café? If demand is high, do expect a wait; come equipped with reading material and be ready to enjoy the community spirit of the Repair Café. 7) Do you only service items for Palo Alto residents? Repair Café Palo Alto is open to everyone. However, it just doesn’t make good ecological sense for you to drive a long way to repair your broken toaster. Please consider accessing one of the following resources if they are closer to you or let us know if you would be interested in starting a Repair Café in your hometown! 8) Can I make an appointment for a set time? We may introduce an appointment system in the future but not just yet. 9) What if you cannot help me fix my broken item? Often, if our volunteers can’t fix your item, they can offer advice on what you might need to fix it yourself. If an item is beyond repair, did you know that in Palo Alto most broken items can go straight into your recycling bins? Check with your local waste hauler or city utilities department to see what to do with broken items. 10) How can I support the Repair Café movement? Donate - The Repair Cafe Palo Alto is a California Non-profit corporation. We operate on the energy of our volunteers but some of what we do costs money. Contributions of any size would be greatly appreciated and will help us expand our efforts to fulfill our mission. To donate, please make checks out to Repair Cafe Palo Alto, Inc. and send to 1150 Guinda Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301. Organize a Repair Cafe in your own hometown - We would love to see more Repair Cafes and will gladly help you get started. </s>" <s> 1) What exactly is the Repair Café? Repair Café Palo Alto is a volunteer-driven nonprofit patterned after the Repair Café movement that started and now flourishes in the Netherlands. The aim of the Repair Café movement is to reduce the amount of “stuff” that ends up in the waste stream by helping you fix items that you might otherwise throw away. 2) What have been your experiences so far? Hundreds of people have brought their broken household items to our events where repair volunteers worked with them to help restore their items to working order. Visitors and volunteers have worked on bicycles, sewing projects, lamps, jewelry & crafts, small household appliances like toasters, irons and vacuum cleaners, luggage, furniture, small mechanical things like lawnmowers and weed whacker, electrical appliances like clocks, dvd and cd players, and computes and computer-related items. Our fix it success rate runs over 65%, but depends heavily on the item. 3) What do we pay for this service? 4) Can you tell me in advance if you can fix my broken item? Unfortunately, it is impossible for us to know whether we can fix your broken item unless you bring it to the Repair Café. 5) Where and when is the next Repair Café? The Museum of American Heritage (www.moah.org) at 351 Homer Avenue in Palo Alto hosts the Repair Café. There is street parking near the Museum. See home page for the current schedule. Events run from 11am to 3pm. Please show up before 2:30, as this increases the likelihood of our having enough time to fix your item. 6) What should I expect if I come to the Repair Café? If demand is high, do expect a wait; come equipped with reading material and be ready to enjoy the community spirit of the Repair Café. 7) Do you only service items for Palo Alto residents? Repair Café Palo Alto is open to everyone. However, it just doesn’t make good ecological sense for you to drive a long way to repair your broken toaster. Please consider accessing one of the following resources if they are closer to you or let us know if you would be interested in starting a Repair Café in your hometown! 8) Can I make an appointment for a set time? We may introduce an appointment system in the future but not just yet. 9) What if you cannot help me fix my broken item? Often, if our volunteers can’t fix your item, they can offer advice on what you might need to fix it yourself. If an item is beyond repair, did you know that in Palo Alto most broken items can go straight into your recycling bins? Check with your local waste hauler or city utilities department to see what to do with broken items. 10) How can I support the Repair Café movement? Donate - The Repair Cafe Palo Alto is a California Non-profit corporation. We operate on the energy of our volunteers but some of what we do costs money. Contributions of any size would be greatly appreciated and will help us expand our efforts to fulfill our mission. To donate, please make checks out to Repair Cafe Palo Alto, Inc. and send to 1150 Guinda Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301. Organize a Repair Cafe in your own hometown - We would love to see more Repair Cafes and will gladly help you get started. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Players in two different countries, using two different scales, have sent in some great photos of their Cedar Creek games. After the break, check out the full photo galleries to see Ray & Lon's 6mm scenario in Melbourne, and Sergio's 15mm version in Rome! The picture to the right is from Ray's 6mm battle, and the gorgeous game mat comes from the fine work of Eric Hotz. </s>" <s> Players in two different countries, using two different scales, have sent in some great photos of their Cedar Creek games. After the break, check out the full photo galleries to see Ray & Lon's 6mm scenario in Melbourne, and Sergio's 15mm version in Rome! The picture to the right is from Ray's 6mm battle, and the gorgeous game mat comes from the fine work of Eric Hotz. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> I was searching for a Property and found this listing (MLS® #E4150167). Please send me more information regarding 2508 Sparrow Court, Edmonton, AB, T5S 0G7. Thank you! I'd like to request a showing of 2508 Sparrow Court, Edmonton, AB, T5S 0G7 (MLS® #E4150167). Thank you! </s>" <s> I was searching for a Property and found this listing (MLS® #E4150167). Please send me more information regarding 2508 Sparrow Court, Edmonton, AB, T5S 0G7. Thank you! I'd like to request a showing of 2508 Sparrow Court, Edmonton, AB, T5S 0G7 (MLS® #E4150167). Thank you! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> It's something we've overlooked a little in Europe, but North America has it right with skiing during winter to summer in the hills, too. The resorts of the Alps are havens in the summer as there are no crowds, with everyone escaping to the beach. Skiing is great - we don't have to tell you this since you're reading our site. But ski resorts rely heavily on Mother Nature and snow, so time here can be varied. Seasons are temperamental, snow isn't certain and it really affects the sport. Summer, although of course it has its variables and conditions such as wildfire in North America or just rain in Europe, is slightly less changeable. The smart thing to do is make sure we invest in our summertime game. And resorts are investing more in their summer game as it's hard to be sustainable these days if you don't have a summer product. It's something a little different to what we're used to in Europe. Huge international resorts like Aspen will do 50:50 summer-winter business. Off the beaten track destinations like Red Resort in British Columbia that are attracting more visitors trying to get those first lines, are almost completely winter, that much more remote. But on to the question. What is. better, summer or winter in the mountains? There's little, a skier or snowboarder will tell you, better than a bluebird day with fresh snow. But what if there's none? Mountain biking, hiking, fishing and so on rely slightly less on fitting weather conditions. We're going to be asking mountain guys and girls that have committed year round to life in the mountains and ask them which and why they prefer - if they were forced to pick. We'll have to assume that these mountain folk are going to love a lot about both to commit to both. As we travel the mountains we'll add more and more so here's a start. Well right now [August in Whistler] I have to say summer. Though it really is hard to make that choice when you put your mind to it. Does 35 degrees, floating down the lazy river of golden dreams really beat a 40cm blue bird day on Whistler peak?? Well, all things considered, yes. Summer just opens up so many more opportunities for different activities. Golf is a the swing point for me. Then you have camping in the bush by an alpine lake. Standing on a peak you've just skinned up, looking for your best line down is nothing short of majestic. The peace you find in the backcountry is like nothing I've experienced and is a pure mountain drug. This is such a challenging question! But I'll stick to summer, on the last swinging factor that I don't have to shovel my drive everyday!! ""Summer is so incredible - working the season you see so much less of your friends and work too much and don't see enough of the good stuff. ""But it means when you do, it's even more appreciated. ""If I'm in New Zealand in summer then I'll get down to surf in Whagamatta. ""Nothing beats being balls deep in powder, finishing day at the base station having a beer in the snow."" Me? Which do I prefer working the winters and travelling the same spots in summer? I've still not spent much in the European Alps, but have in North America. I'll be updating when I hear a little more of the arguments of these folk. PlanetSKI reporter Katie Bamber has done her research where you don't have to choose summer or winter, and enjoy both in one day when the time's right. </s>" <s> It's something we've overlooked a little in Europe, but North America has it right with skiing during winter to summer in the hills, too. The resorts of the Alps are havens in the summer as there are no crowds, with everyone escaping to the beach. Skiing is great - we don't have to tell you this since you're reading our site. But ski resorts rely heavily on Mother Nature and snow, so time here can be varied. Seasons are temperamental, snow isn't certain and it really affects the sport. Summer, although of course it has its variables and conditions such as wildfire in North America or just rain in Europe, is slightly less changeable. The smart thing to do is make sure we invest in our summertime game. And resorts are investing more in their summer game as it's hard to be sustainable these days if you don't have a summer product. It's something a little different to what we're used to in Europe. Huge international resorts like Aspen will do 50:50 summer-winter business. Off the beaten track destinations like Red Resort in British Columbia that are attracting more visitors trying to get those first lines, are almost completely winter, that much more remote. But on to the question. What is. better, summer or winter in the mountains? There's little, a skier or snowboarder will tell you, better than a bluebird day with fresh snow. But what if there's none? Mountain biking, hiking, fishing and so on rely slightly less on fitting weather conditions. We're going to be asking mountain guys and girls that have committed year round to life in the mountains and ask them which and why they prefer - if they were forced to pick. We'll have to assume that these mountain folk are going to love a lot about both to commit to both. As we travel the mountains we'll add more and more so here's a start. Well right now [August in Whistler] I have to say summer. Though it really is hard to make that choice when you put your mind to it. Does 35 degrees, floating down the lazy river of golden dreams really beat a 40cm blue bird day on Whistler peak?? Well, all things considered, yes. Summer just opens up so many more opportunities for different activities. Golf is a the swing point for me. Then you have camping in the bush by an alpine lake. Standing on a peak you've just skinned up, looking for your best line down is nothing short of majestic. The peace you find in the backcountry is like nothing I've experienced and is a pure mountain drug. This is such a challenging question! But I'll stick to summer, on the last swinging factor that I don't have to shovel my drive everyday!! """Summer" is so incredible - working the season you see so much less of your friends and work too much and don't see enough of the good stuff. """But" it means when you do, it's even more appreciated. """If" I'm in New Zealand in summer then I'll get down to surf in Whagamatta. """Nothing" beats being balls deep in powder, finishing day at the base station having a beer in the "snow.""" Me? Which do I prefer working the winters and travelling the same spots in summer? I've still not spent much in the European Alps, but have in North America. I'll be updating when I hear a little more of the arguments of these folk. PlanetSKI reporter Katie Bamber has done her research where you don't have to choose summer or winter, and enjoy both in one day when the time's right. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with outdoor events at Mission Marque Plaza, located at 3100 Roosevelt Ave. Apply for or renew a passport on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Municipal Archives and Records Facility. Evenings of free song and dance on the River Walk with BRAVO! Enjoy traditional Folkloric numbers, passionate vocals, live music and contemporary dance routines. The City of San Antonio is accepting applications for the 2017 Ambassador Summer Internship Program! Texas Tuition Promise Fund permits participants to buy tuition units, allowing prepaid undergraduate tuition and fees. It’s an opportunity for parents to learn about education options that are available to children. </s>" <s> Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with outdoor events at Mission Marque Plaza, located at 3100 Roosevelt Ave. Apply for or renew a passport on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Municipal Archives and Records Facility. Evenings of free song and dance on the River Walk with BRAVO! Enjoy traditional Folkloric numbers, passionate vocals, live music and contemporary dance routines. The City of San Antonio is accepting applications for the 2017 Ambassador Summer Internship Program! Texas Tuition Promise Fund permits participants to buy tuition units, allowing prepaid undergraduate tuition and fees. It’s an opportunity for parents to learn about education options that are available to children. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Kuhn Rikon Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener | Eggshells Kitchen Co. Finally strain-free lid opening! The Kuhn Rikon Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener is a revolutionary new way to open jars. Innovative Swiss engineering tightens this tool's jaws around the cap, even as the jar is being opened, so the opener never slips. The Gripper Jar Opener stays locked on lids and doesn't let go. Place The Gripper over jar lid, rotate turn-knob clockwise to tighten jaws onto lid. Tool locks in place. While holding the jar or bottle securely, grasp the handle and push counter-clockwise to open. Just loosen turn-know to release lid. The Gripper opens threaded caps and lids from 1-inch to 3.5-inches. Works on smooth-sided and grooved caps, too. Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener has stainless steel handle for style and comfort. </s>" <s> Kuhn Rikon Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener | Eggshells Kitchen Co. Finally strain-free lid opening! The Kuhn Rikon Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener is a revolutionary new way to open jars. Innovative Swiss engineering tightens this tool's jaws around the cap, even as the jar is being opened, so the opener never slips. The Gripper Jar Opener stays locked on lids and doesn't let go. Place The Gripper over jar lid, rotate turn-knob clockwise to tighten jaws onto lid. Tool locks in place. While holding the jar or bottle securely, grasp the handle and push counter-clockwise to open. Just loosen turn-know to release lid. The Gripper opens threaded caps and lids from 1-inch to 3.5-inches. Works on smooth-sided and grooved caps, too. Deluxe Gripper Jar Opener has stainless steel handle for style and comfort. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Value the journey as much as the destination. After the Napoleonic Wars, Grand Tourists, for the most part young and wealthy Romantics inspired by Byron and Shelley, began to travel in their numbers to Rome and Greece. On horseback and by bone-rattling carriage, their experiences established the concept of travel as a means of broadening one’s outlook, as well as an adventure of the Self. One hundred and fifty years later their successors, independent Sixties’ travellers like Finnegan, were motivated by Kerouac and Ginsberg to push further east, replacing the imaginative potency of Italy with that of India, making Asia the new touchstone of the exotic. Like the Grand Tourists before them, they travelled to be transformed by the foreign. But with every hitchhike ride these travellers made, the world became a smaller place. The more young people who hit the road, the fewer roads remained unmarked by their passing. Jet aircraft doubled travel speed and halved journey time. Guide-books revealed secret tracks into hidden Thai valleys. Forgotten Indian palaces and Moroccan riads were transformed into backpackers’ hostels. Tourist ghettos rose above destinations as far apart as Marrakech and Goa, often overshadowing the host culture. THREE YEARS AGO, I made a five-month journey from Istanbul to India along the Asia Overland ‘hippie’ trail. Travelling by bus and train, I hoped to discover why that route had captured the imagination of a generation, and how it had come to transform the way we travel the world today. As well as listening to Turks, Kurds, Iranians and Afghans, I observed Western travellers along the way. In Cappadocia, where hippies once dreamed of the dawning of a new age, everyone was sending text messages home. In Isfahan, former Persian capital and the most splendidly proportioned city in the world, every second tourist planned to write a travel article after their holiday. In the shattered remains of the Kabul Museum, I found an overworked guide-book writer. Most revealing of all, virtually every one of the global nomads I met had reached their destination by air. The commercial dimension of tourism can’t be disputed. Worldwide the travel industry churns over US$500 billion and employs 195 million people. The personal benefit to travellers – the broadening of one’s outlook – is also irrefutable. A big journey can change lives, opening an individual’s eyes, galvanising the world’s cultures and fashions in the exchange and fusion of ideas. But the sheer number of relatively affluent globe-trotters – and I include myself – has already done enormous damage to the planet. Like a fast-mutating virus, we travellers are poisoning both the atmosphere and local tradition. Our hosts are continually expected to accommodate us, to submit to our demands and to surrender their resources, irrespective of the cost. There is an urgent need to rethink leisure travel. Increasing numbers of enlightened tourists, and some companies, now realise that the benefits of the world’s largest industry must be shared more equitably. We are waking up to the environmental and social consequences of cheap air fares, especially the mainstream ‘mini-break’. Business travellers too have started to question the necessity of a physical journey in the information age. US corporations such as Cisco and IBM already arrange virtual meetings for far-flung executives on the social network website Second Life. The aviation industry will eventually be forced to take responsibility for its carbon emissions. But more must be done, and soon. We have much to learn from Sixties’ travellers, even if we can’t afford to take two years to trek to India. Like them, we need to favour ground travel, to limit our flights, to stay longer in a single spot rather than dart between scattered destinations. We should reign in our gluttony for distance and take no more than a single, annual long-haul trip. A personal commitment to embrace Satish Kumar’s proposal to restore Sunday as a day for contemplation and Gaia, free from fossil fuels and flying, would reduce individual carbon emissions by at least one seventh (more, if madly wasteful weekend-away flights are eliminated). Above all we need to learn to move away from our culture of immediate gratification and choose trips where we can value the journey as much as the destination. Getting there should again become part of the adventure, galvanising us to live in the moment or – in the Sixties’ imperative – to Be Here Now. But even by then there were few undiscovered places left for him to find. Travellers began to ask in a tone of rising panic, “Where to now, man? Where to now?” Over the course of a generation, Goa’s full-moon beach parties morphed from guitar-picking singsongs and psychedelic happenings to the Goa Trance scene. Ravers flew in for a week and took over the northern shore. Local Indians found themselves unwelcome in the waterside cafés. A ring of hazy mountains was visible through the leaden veil of polluted air. “Kathmandu is now full of people reading the Lonely Planet guide to Vietnam!” said Finnegan, his voice filled with emotion. Today’s ‘trailblazers’ – the ones reaching for the new frontier – are the ones who appreciate their power and travel in a manner that respects – even benefits – local communities, and that limits environmental impact. This attitude need not contract horizons: we can continue to be transformed by the foreign. In our discovered and fragile world, travel can still be an adventure. </s>" <s> Value the journey as much as the destination. After the Napoleonic Wars, Grand Tourists, for the most part young and wealthy Romantics inspired by Byron and Shelley, began to travel in their numbers to Rome and Greece. On horseback and by bone-rattling carriage, their experiences established the concept of travel as a means of broadening one’s outlook, as well as an adventure of the Self. One hundred and fifty years later their successors, independent Sixties’ travellers like Finnegan, were motivated by Kerouac and Ginsberg to push further east, replacing the imaginative potency of Italy with that of India, making Asia the new touchstone of the exotic. Like the Grand Tourists before them, they travelled to be transformed by the foreign. But with every hitchhike ride these travellers made, the world became a smaller place. The more young people who hit the road, the fewer roads remained unmarked by their passing. Jet aircraft doubled travel speed and halved journey time. Guide-books revealed secret tracks into hidden Thai valleys. Forgotten Indian palaces and Moroccan riads were transformed into backpackers’ hostels. Tourist ghettos rose above destinations as far apart as Marrakech and Goa, often overshadowing the host culture. THREE YEARS AGO, I made a five-month journey from Istanbul to India along the Asia Overland ‘hippie’ trail. Travelling by bus and train, I hoped to discover why that route had captured the imagination of a generation, and how it had come to transform the way we travel the world today. As well as listening to Turks, Kurds, Iranians and Afghans, I observed Western travellers along the way. In Cappadocia, where hippies once dreamed of the dawning of a new age, everyone was sending text messages home. In Isfahan, former Persian capital and the most splendidly proportioned city in the world, every second tourist planned to write a travel article after their holiday. In the shattered remains of the Kabul Museum, I found an overworked guide-book writer. Most revealing of all, virtually every one of the global nomads I met had reached their destination by air. The commercial dimension of tourism can’t be disputed. Worldwide the travel industry churns over US$500 billion and employs 195 million people. The personal benefit to travellers – the broadening of one’s outlook – is also irrefutable. A big journey can change lives, opening an individual’s eyes, galvanising the world’s cultures and fashions in the exchange and fusion of ideas. But the sheer number of relatively affluent globe-trotters – and I include myself – has already done enormous damage to the planet. Like a fast-mutating virus, we travellers are poisoning both the atmosphere and local tradition. Our hosts are continually expected to accommodate us, to submit to our demands and to surrender their resources, irrespective of the cost. There is an urgent need to rethink leisure travel. Increasing numbers of enlightened tourists, and some companies, now realise that the benefits of the world’s largest industry must be shared more equitably. We are waking up to the environmental and social consequences of cheap air fares, especially the mainstream ‘mini-break’. Business travellers too have started to question the necessity of a physical journey in the information age. US corporations such as Cisco and IBM already arrange virtual meetings for far-flung executives on the social network website Second Life. The aviation industry will eventually be forced to take responsibility for its carbon emissions. But more must be done, and soon. We have much to learn from Sixties’ travellers, even if we can’t afford to take two years to trek to India. Like them, we need to favour ground travel, to limit our flights, to stay longer in a single spot rather than dart between scattered destinations. We should reign in our gluttony for distance and take no more than a single, annual long-haul trip. A personal commitment to embrace Satish Kumar’s proposal to restore Sunday as a day for contemplation and Gaia, free from fossil fuels and flying, would reduce individual carbon emissions by at least one seventh (more, if madly wasteful weekend-away flights are eliminated). Above all we need to learn to move away from our culture of immediate gratification and choose trips where we can value the journey as much as the destination. Getting there should again become part of the adventure, galvanising us to live in the moment or – in the Sixties’ imperative – to Be Here Now. But even by then there were few undiscovered places left for him to find. Travellers began to ask in a tone of rising panic, “Where to now, man? Where to now?” Over the course of a generation, Goa’s full-moon beach parties morphed from guitar-picking singsongs and psychedelic happenings to the Goa Trance scene. Ravers flew in for a week and took over the northern shore. Local Indians found themselves unwelcome in the waterside cafés. A ring of hazy mountains was visible through the leaden veil of polluted air. “Kathmandu is now full of people reading the Lonely Planet guide to Vietnam!” said Finnegan, his voice filled with emotion. Today’s ‘trailblazers’ – the ones reaching for the new frontier – are the ones who appreciate their power and travel in a manner that respects – even benefits – local communities, and that limits environmental impact. This attitude need not contract horizons: we can continue to be transformed by the foreign. In our discovered and fragile world, travel can still be an adventure. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> “Live In Place installed two stair lifts in our townhouse, one to go up to the bedrooms and one to go down to the family room/basement. Later it looked like we would have to leave the house and move into assisted living. Live In Place took the time to meet with our contractor and discuss some modifications that could be made to the townhouse [without] going the assisted living route. When we decided to remodel the house, Live In Place removed the lifts and stored them for us during the renovation. They made the suggestion to install grab rails at the front door and near the stair lifts to make getting in and out of the lifts easier. My father-in-law was so impressed by Live In Place’s work and customer service that he also had a set of lifts installed in his house. If you or a family member ever need stair-lifts then this is your go-to vendor.” – J.W. “I was so ready to get home after my stay in rehab for a heart attack. Prior to release, I was doing really well and my energy was up. When I came home, my routine and the stairs wiped me out. Live In Place checked my whole house and made recommendations. The changes they made have helped me return to the activities I love and to stay in my home.” – Bernie C. “They do great work and are very patient to explain the pros and cons of aging in place for the elderly or their children.” – Erik K. For more information about Live In Place and our full line of mobility and accessibility solutions, contact us today at (703) 433-0380 or request a consultation. </s>" <s> “Live In Place installed two stair lifts in our townhouse, one to go up to the bedrooms and one to go down to the family room/basement. Later it looked like we would have to leave the house and move into assisted living. Live In Place took the time to meet with our contractor and discuss some modifications that could be made to the townhouse [without] going the assisted living route. When we decided to remodel the house, Live In Place removed the lifts and stored them for us during the renovation. They made the suggestion to install grab rails at the front door and near the stair lifts to make getting in and out of the lifts easier. My father-in-law was so impressed by Live In Place’s work and customer service that he also had a set of lifts installed in his house. If you or a family member ever need stair-lifts then this is your go-to vendor.” – J.W. “I was so ready to get home after my stay in rehab for a heart attack. Prior to release, I was doing really well and my energy was up. When I came home, my routine and the stairs wiped me out. Live In Place checked my whole house and made recommendations. The changes they made have helped me return to the activities I love and to stay in my home.” – Bernie C. “They do great work and are very patient to explain the pros and cons of aging in place for the elderly or their children.” – Erik K. For more information about Live In Place and our full line of mobility and accessibility solutions, contact us today at (703) 433-0380 or request a consultation. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> 60 Minute Massage - $70 This is a great place to start. accomplishing deep-tissue bodywork as ""deeper means slower"". this will not be a full-body session and that the deeper the work, the longer it takes. belly, or even between your toes to improve the flow of energy in your body. requires more preparation and clean-up and usually runs longer. and pains and reduction of stress. Click here for corporate massage rates and Info. to refrain for any reason. Click here to schedule an appointment online. It's fast and easy. </s>" <s> 60 Minute Massage - $70 This is a great place to start. accomplishing deep-tissue bodywork as """deeper" means "slower""." this will not be a full-body session and that the deeper the work, the longer it takes. belly, or even between your toes to improve the flow of energy in your body. requires more preparation and clean-up and usually runs longer. and pains and reduction of stress. Click here for corporate massage rates and Info. to refrain for any reason. Click here to schedule an appointment online. It's fast and easy. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> How do we mine uranium? Uranium is a commonly found element in the Earth’s crust and ore deposits are distributed across the globe, with the highest concentrations in Australia, Kazakhstan and Canada. There are three main methods for retrieving uranium. It can be extracted using open-pit mining or underground mine shafts. In pit mines, the ore is exposed by drilling and blasting before being cut directly from the ground, while underground shafts are cut for ore buried deeper down. The third alternative is in-situ leaching, a form of chemical mining. It uses an acid or alkali to dissolve uranium in the ore into a solution, before pumping the fluid to the surface for processing. Due to its radioactive properties, mining uranium is a dangerous pursuit. As uranium decays it produces radium, which in turn decays to form carcinogenic radon gas. Inhaled radon gas increases the risk of lung cancer. As a result, advanced ventilation systems are installed in uranium mines and workers wear protective gear. Previous story More Amazing Answers to Curious Questions! </s>" <s> How do we mine uranium? Uranium is a commonly found element in the Earth’s crust and ore deposits are distributed across the globe, with the highest concentrations in Australia, Kazakhstan and Canada. There are three main methods for retrieving uranium. It can be extracted using open-pit mining or underground mine shafts. In pit mines, the ore is exposed by drilling and blasting before being cut directly from the ground, while underground shafts are cut for ore buried deeper down. The third alternative is in-situ leaching, a form of chemical mining. It uses an acid or alkali to dissolve uranium in the ore into a solution, before pumping the fluid to the surface for processing. Due to its radioactive properties, mining uranium is a dangerous pursuit. As uranium decays it produces radium, which in turn decays to form carcinogenic radon gas. Inhaled radon gas increases the risk of lung cancer. As a result, advanced ventilation systems are installed in uranium mines and workers wear protective gear. Previous story More Amazing Answers to Curious Questions! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — TMZ has launched video clip the site claims exhibits the first moments of the lethal airport firing in California a week ago. The 20- minute saving published onto TMZis site exhibits a guy jogging in the Fort Lauderdale airport through the luggage state region. ""TMZ releases video it says depicts Florida airport shooting"" The 6 firing in Fort Lauderdale hurt six others and murdered five. ""Airport Shooting Suspect Blames ‘Mind Control’: FBI"" ""Video shows Florida airport shooter open fire, passengers scatter"" ""5 dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport"" Countless demonstrators are descending upon main airports over the people in reaction to the significant Muslim immigration of Leader Donald Trump. ""Protesters descend on US airports rallying against Trump’s immigration policies"" ""Airport Car Hire at New York Airport #cheapest #car #insurance"" ""Florida airport shooting: Gunman identified as discharged US veteran, said govt controlled his mind"" ""Jedward have the X ray machine factor as they gatecrash carollers at Heathrow Airport"" ""SEE PICS: Sidharth-Alia together at airport, keep dating rumours afloat : Celebrities, News"" </s>" <s> FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — TMZ has launched video clip the site claims exhibits the first moments of the lethal airport firing in California a week ago. The 20- minute saving published onto TMZis site exhibits a guy jogging in the Fort Lauderdale airport through the luggage state region. """TMZ" releases video it says depicts Florida airport "shooting""" The 6 firing in Fort Lauderdale hurt six others and murdered five. """Airport" Shooting Suspect Blames ‘Mind Control’: "FBI""" """Video" shows Florida airport shooter open fire, passengers "scatter""" """5" dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Fort Lauderdale "airport""" Countless demonstrators are descending upon main airports over the people in reaction to the significant Muslim immigration of Leader Donald Trump. """Protesters" descend on US airports rallying against Trump’s immigration "policies""" """Airport" Car Hire at New York Airport #cheapest #car "#insurance""" """Florida" airport shooting: Gunman identified as discharged US veteran, said govt controlled his "mind""" """Jedward" have the X ray machine factor as they gatecrash carollers at Heathrow "Airport""" """SEE" PICS: Sidharth-Alia together at airport, keep dating rumours afloat : Celebrities, "News""" </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Our joint notice of objection calls on Health Canada to reconsider their decision to grant continued registration of glyphosate. We are calling for the Minister to set up an independent committee to assess the real risks of glyphosate under the Pest Control Products Act. Otherwise, the next re-evaluation will be conducted in 15 years. </s>" <s> Our joint notice of objection calls on Health Canada to reconsider their decision to grant continued registration of glyphosate. We are calling for the Minister to set up an independent committee to assess the real risks of glyphosate under the Pest Control Products Act. Otherwise, the next re-evaluation will be conducted in 15 years. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Pretoria, South Africa, 11 Jan., 2011– Ford Motor Company of Southern Africa (FMCSA) has teamed up with the Puma Rugby Team for the duration of the 2011 rugby season, taking its participation in South Africa Rugby one step further. From now on the team will be known as the Ford Pumas. FMCSA has had a longstanding relationship with South African rugby, having been involved extensively in local rugby as an associate sponsor to SA Rugby and the Springboks, as well as sponsoring rugby development by supplying 34 Ford Bantams to development officers throughout South Africa. “Ford has seized the opportunity to sponsor a great up and coming young rugby team as they compete in the prestigious Vodacom and ABSA Curry Cup rugby championship,” says FMCSA’s Vice President of Marketing, Sales and Service, Dean Stoneley. Representing the Mpumalanga Province, the Ford Pumas may be considered the underdogs but are determined to rise to the occasion and challenge the big guns in the 2011 season. They are known for their never say die attitude and, with fresh enthusiasm for the year ahead, the team enjoys a new found confidence. The sponsorship will provide Ford with national exposure and will create further momentum around the brand’s Feel the difference marketing campaign. The Ford brand in South Africa is growing from strength to strength as an array of exciting new products join the Ford line-up. Ford’s success can be attributed to the well executed One Team, One Plan, One Goal strategy. A philosophy that will similarly aid the Ford Puma team in attaining new heights. Ford has an established reputation in the Mpumalanga region with a strong customer support base. The brand’s oldest dealer, McGee Auto & Co., situated in Lydenburg, opened its doors in 1926. Through this partnership Ford will look to further extend its reach in the region. </s>" <s> Pretoria, South Africa, 11 Jan., 2011– Ford Motor Company of Southern Africa (FMCSA) has teamed up with the Puma Rugby Team for the duration of the 2011 rugby season, taking its participation in South Africa Rugby one step further. From now on the team will be known as the Ford Pumas. FMCSA has had a longstanding relationship with South African rugby, having been involved extensively in local rugby as an associate sponsor to SA Rugby and the Springboks, as well as sponsoring rugby development by supplying 34 Ford Bantams to development officers throughout South Africa. “Ford has seized the opportunity to sponsor a great up and coming young rugby team as they compete in the prestigious Vodacom and ABSA Curry Cup rugby championship,” says FMCSA’s Vice President of Marketing, Sales and Service, Dean Stoneley. Representing the Mpumalanga Province, the Ford Pumas may be considered the underdogs but are determined to rise to the occasion and challenge the big guns in the 2011 season. They are known for their never say die attitude and, with fresh enthusiasm for the year ahead, the team enjoys a new found confidence. The sponsorship will provide Ford with national exposure and will create further momentum around the brand’s Feel the difference marketing campaign. The Ford brand in South Africa is growing from strength to strength as an array of exciting new products join the Ford line-up. Ford’s success can be attributed to the well executed One Team, One Plan, One Goal strategy. A philosophy that will similarly aid the Ford Puma team in attaining new heights. Ford has an established reputation in the Mpumalanga region with a strong customer support base. The brand’s oldest dealer, McGee Auto & Co., situated in Lydenburg, opened its doors in 1926. Through this partnership Ford will look to further extend its reach in the region. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> SoftBank Corp. (the “Company”) announces that it has determined the following terms and conditions for the issuance of its 43rd unsecured straight corporate bond with inter-bond pari passu clause (the “Bond”), also known as the “Fukuoka SoftBank HAWKS Bond”. Part of the investment in business of Sprint Nextel Corporation (“Sprint”) in the U.S., part of redemption of the Company's bonds and part of repayment of the Company's existing loans. *The Company prepares gifts (a face towel set featuring the “White Family” father) for all subscribers to the Bond. The Company is considering providing a guarantee for the existing loans and bonds (including the Bond) by its subsidiaries, SoftBank Mobile Corp. and SoftBank Telecom Corp., after completion of the acquisition of Sprint and depending on the status of the funding for the acquisition. This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the proposed transactions between Sprint Nextel Corporation (“Sprint”) and SoftBank Corp. (“SoftBank”) and its group companies, including Starburst II, Inc. (“Starburst II”), and the proposed acquisition by Sprint of Clearwire Corporation (“Clearwire”). All statements, other than historical facts, including, but not limited to: statements regarding the expected timing of the closing of the transactions; the ability of the parties to complete the transactions considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the transactions such as improved operations, enhanced revenues and cash flow, growth potential, market profile and financial strength; the competitive ability and position of SoftBank or Sprint; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations include, among others, that (1) there may be a material adverse change of SoftBank; (2) the proposed financing may involve unexpected costs, liabilities or delays or may not be completed on terms acceptable to SoftBank, if at all; and (3) other factors as detailed from time to time in Sprint's, Starburst II's and Clearwire's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including Sprint's and Clearwire's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, and other factors that are set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus contained in Starburst II's Registration Statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective by the SEC on May 1, 2013, and in other materials that will be filed by Sprint, Starburst II and Clearwire in connection with the transactions, which will be available on the SEC's web site (www.sec.gov). There can be no assurance that the transactions will be completed, or if completed, that such transactions will close within the anticipated time period or that the expected benefits of such transactions will be realized. All forward-looking statements contained in this document and the documents referenced herein are made only as of the date of the document in which they are contained, and none of Sprint, SoftBank or Starburst II undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. </s>" <s> SoftBank Corp. (the “Company”) announces that it has determined the following terms and conditions for the issuance of its 43rd unsecured straight corporate bond with inter-bond pari passu clause (the “Bond”), also known as the “Fukuoka SoftBank HAWKS Bond”. Part of the investment in business of Sprint Nextel Corporation (“Sprint”) in the U.S., part of redemption of the Company's bonds and part of repayment of the Company's existing loans. *The Company prepares gifts (a face towel set featuring the “White Family” father) for all subscribers to the Bond. The Company is considering providing a guarantee for the existing loans and bonds (including the Bond) by its subsidiaries, SoftBank Mobile Corp. and SoftBank Telecom Corp., after completion of the acquisition of Sprint and depending on the status of the funding for the acquisition. This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the proposed transactions between Sprint Nextel Corporation (“Sprint”) and SoftBank Corp. (“SoftBank”) and its group companies, including Starburst II, Inc. (“Starburst II”), and the proposed acquisition by Sprint of Clearwire Corporation (“Clearwire”). All statements, other than historical facts, including, but not limited to: statements regarding the expected timing of the closing of the transactions; the ability of the parties to complete the transactions considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the transactions such as improved operations, enhanced revenues and cash flow, growth potential, market profile and financial strength; the competitive ability and position of SoftBank or Sprint; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations include, among others, that (1) there may be a material adverse change of SoftBank; (2) the proposed financing may involve unexpected costs, liabilities or delays or may not be completed on terms acceptable to SoftBank, if at all; and (3) other factors as detailed from time to time in Sprint's, Starburst II's and Clearwire's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including Sprint's and Clearwire's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, and other factors that are set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus contained in Starburst II's Registration Statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective by the SEC on May 1, 2013, and in other materials that will be filed by Sprint, Starburst II and Clearwire in connection with the transactions, which will be available on the SEC's web site (www.sec.gov). There can be no assurance that the transactions will be completed, or if completed, that such transactions will close within the anticipated time period or that the expected benefits of such transactions will be realized. All forward-looking statements contained in this document and the documents referenced herein are made only as of the date of the document in which they are contained, and none of Sprint, SoftBank or Starburst II undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> At Aquatics Academy we welcome EVERYONE who wants to swim! A question often asked of us is; can kids that have Autism Spectrum Disorder learn to swim? Kids with Autism can learn to swim successfully through proper supervision, a supportive atmosphere and swim instruction that are developmentally suitable for a child on the spectrum. Water safety is essential for all children, however when a child is autistic it makes water safety and swimming instruction even more of a priority. Noah, the 6 year old son of the founders of Aquatics Academy is on the Autistic Spectrum, and this in turn motivated them to create AUTISwiM®, specifically designed swimming lessons for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder. All of our swim coaches that facilitate AUTISwiM® are supportive, enthusiastic, professional and patient, giving your child the best swimming experience. Does Swimming help those with Autism? Swimming provides both invaluable therapy and a social outlet for kids with autism. Swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder will improve their coordination, speech, social interactions, and their cognitive processing skills. Swimming offers guaranteed success for an autistic child, which can often be more difficult to achieve in other team sports or group play. Drowning is the #1 cause of accidental death for kids with autism, especially under the age of 14. Most children with Autism spectrum disorder are drawn to the calming waters of a swimming pool. Understanding water safety, along with learning how to swim, can prevent accidental drowning and can assist in saving many lives. The calming, warm water of a swimming pool provides a supportive environment for kids with autism. It helps them to understand the exertion of their body and how it works when they are playing or moving. The pool organically has a comforting, fluid pressure that helps to relax kids during swim time. Any physical activity done in water helps relax muscles and decreases stressful impact on the body. Swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder are essential in providing them with a soothing and comforting environment, while having a calming effect on their brain. Swimming lessons provide a great opportunity for an autistic child to be in a ‘playgroup’ environment, interacting on a level that is comfortable for them. This ‘no pressure’ type of social interaction improves their verbal language and group skills, which in turn will help them build their self-confidence. Due to their own life experience, the founders of Aquatics Academy, Rebecca and Shaun, take great pride in their creation of AUTISwiM®. They have curated specific swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder that is proved to be the best programming offered in Toronto. They understand better than anyone how swimming lessons catered to a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder can enhance his/her cognition and positively develop their social interactions with their peers. For more information on how Aquatics Academy can help your child learn to swim, call us today at 647.350.SWIM or visit https://www.aquaticsacademy.ca/program/red-cross-swimming-lessons-kids. </s>" <s> At Aquatics Academy we welcome EVERYONE who wants to swim! A question often asked of us is; can kids that have Autism Spectrum Disorder learn to swim? Kids with Autism can learn to swim successfully through proper supervision, a supportive atmosphere and swim instruction that are developmentally suitable for a child on the spectrum. Water safety is essential for all children, however when a child is autistic it makes water safety and swimming instruction even more of a priority. Noah, the 6 year old son of the founders of Aquatics Academy is on the Autistic Spectrum, and this in turn motivated them to create AUTISwiM®, specifically designed swimming lessons for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder. All of our swim coaches that facilitate AUTISwiM® are supportive, enthusiastic, professional and patient, giving your child the best swimming experience. Does Swimming help those with Autism? Swimming provides both invaluable therapy and a social outlet for kids with autism. Swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder will improve their coordination, speech, social interactions, and their cognitive processing skills. Swimming offers guaranteed success for an autistic child, which can often be more difficult to achieve in other team sports or group play. Drowning is the #1 cause of accidental death for kids with autism, especially under the age of 14. Most children with Autism spectrum disorder are drawn to the calming waters of a swimming pool. Understanding water safety, along with learning how to swim, can prevent accidental drowning and can assist in saving many lives. The calming, warm water of a swimming pool provides a supportive environment for kids with autism. It helps them to understand the exertion of their body and how it works when they are playing or moving. The pool organically has a comforting, fluid pressure that helps to relax kids during swim time. Any physical activity done in water helps relax muscles and decreases stressful impact on the body. Swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder are essential in providing them with a soothing and comforting environment, while having a calming effect on their brain. Swimming lessons provide a great opportunity for an autistic child to be in a ‘playgroup’ environment, interacting on a level that is comfortable for them. This ‘no pressure’ type of social interaction improves their verbal language and group skills, which in turn will help them build their self-confidence. Due to their own life experience, the founders of Aquatics Academy, Rebecca and Shaun, take great pride in their creation of AUTISwiM®. They have curated specific swimming lessons for a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder that is proved to be the best programming offered in Toronto. They understand better than anyone how swimming lessons catered to a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder can enhance his/her cognition and positively develop their social interactions with their peers. For more information on how Aquatics Academy can help your child learn to swim, call us today at 647.350.SWIM or visit https://www.aquaticsacademy.ca/program/red-cross-swimming-lessons-kids. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Award-winning Irish actor John Connors is to visit North Belfast for a special event this May. The Love/Hate actor made headlines after his powerful speech at the IFTAs when he won the Best Actor award for his performance in Cardboard Gangsters. In his speech he said: ""This is still a huge moment for me. Because seven and a half years ago I was sitting in my house in Darndale in a box room in the darkness contemplating suicide."" He added: ""I can&apos;t get an agent, no filmmaker or director can see past the fact I&apos;m a traveller."" And, he&apos;ll be discussing this and more in &apos;an audience with&apos; event at the Duncairn Centre on Friday, May 11. For ticket information, keep an eye on theduncairn.com. </s>" <s> Award-winning Irish actor John Connors is to visit North Belfast for a special event this May. The Love/Hate actor made headlines after his powerful speech at the IFTAs when he won the Best Actor award for his performance in Cardboard Gangsters. In his speech he said: """This" is still a huge moment for me. Because seven and a half years ago I was sitting in my house in Darndale in a box room in the darkness contemplating "suicide.""" He added: """I" can&apos;t get an agent, no filmmaker or director can see past the fact I&apos;m a "traveller.""" And, he&apos;ll be discussing this and more in &apos;an audience with&apos; event at the Duncairn Centre on Friday, May 11. For ticket information, keep an eye on theduncairn.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> In addition to canceling our membership, we also ceased using the forms created by these trade associations. The Purchase and Sale Contract that members of the Vermont Realtors Association utilize was drafted by an attorney for the Vermont Realtors Association. While most Realtors do not bring it to their clients attention, the Contract actually includes two provisions which limit the liability of the Realtors even though the Realtors are not a party to the contract. We believe these provisions, at a minimum, violate the agents fiduciary duty and loyalty to the client and may even represent a violation of the State of Vermont Consumer Fraud Act. This is yet another example of the Realtors Association putting the interest of its members above those of buyers and sellers in Vermont. Flat Fee believes deeply in the spirit of healthy business competition in Vermont and cannot in good conscience be a member of any organization which cares more about the interest of its members than it does in ensuring business competition. </s>" <s> In addition to canceling our membership, we also ceased using the forms created by these trade associations. The Purchase and Sale Contract that members of the Vermont Realtors Association utilize was drafted by an attorney for the Vermont Realtors Association. While most Realtors do not bring it to their clients attention, the Contract actually includes two provisions which limit the liability of the Realtors even though the Realtors are not a party to the contract. We believe these provisions, at a minimum, violate the agents fiduciary duty and loyalty to the client and may even represent a violation of the State of Vermont Consumer Fraud Act. This is yet another example of the Realtors Association putting the interest of its members above those of buyers and sellers in Vermont. Flat Fee believes deeply in the spirit of healthy business competition in Vermont and cannot in good conscience be a member of any organization which cares more about the interest of its members than it does in ensuring business competition. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> A Beautiful Genuine Iran ( Persia ) Kilim (Shiraz) rug is Hand Woven by skillful weavers in Iran ( Persia ) with 100% Wool Material. This rug is in Very Good condition. dimensions are 8' 3'' X 4' 0'' in foot and 251 X 122 in centimeter. the primary color is Beige & Ivories. </s>" <s> A Beautiful Genuine Iran ( Persia ) Kilim (Shiraz) rug is Hand Woven by skillful weavers in Iran ( Persia ) with 100% Wool Material. This rug is in Very Good condition. dimensions are 8' 3'' X 4' 0'' in foot and 251 X 122 in centimeter. the primary color is Beige & Ivories. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Based in Los Angeles all Milkman products are produced in the United States in an FDA-registered facility. All products use child-resistant 60mL bottles (Chubby Gorilla and plastic dropper). We are now offering our customers three of the Milkman classic line; Milky O’s, Crumbleberry, and Strudlehaus. Milkman Classics was the first line of products introduced in early 2015. The line quickly became the standard for dessert flavors and has continued to uphold that reputation through each flavor that has been released. Don’t forget to try yours today, just time for the holiday season! </s>" <s> Based in Los Angeles all Milkman products are produced in the United States in an FDA-registered facility. All products use child-resistant 60mL bottles (Chubby Gorilla and plastic dropper). We are now offering our customers three of the Milkman classic line; Milky O’s, Crumbleberry, and Strudlehaus. Milkman Classics was the first line of products introduced in early 2015. The line quickly became the standard for dessert flavors and has continued to uphold that reputation through each flavor that has been released. Don’t forget to try yours today, just time for the holiday season! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> At AlzChem, we are proud of our Melflock® and Alzofix® products. More than 30 years “made in Germany” made our products steady and reliable. We offer a wealth of experience in the field of dicyandiamide and run today a clean and pollution-free process. Dicyandiamide is used as a raw material in the forward-integrated dicyandiamide condensation products Melflock® and Alzofix®. Over the years we have generated high product quality, supply security and reliability for our customers. The Melflock® and Alzofix® products are mainly used as process chemicals in the paper, textile and leather industry as well as for their waste water and effluent treatment. Additionally we offer toll manufacturing and can quickly give you a price indication for your new dicyandiamide condensation product. </s>" <s> At AlzChem, we are proud of our Melflock® and Alzofix® products. More than 30 years “made in Germany” made our products steady and reliable. We offer a wealth of experience in the field of dicyandiamide and run today a clean and pollution-free process. Dicyandiamide is used as a raw material in the forward-integrated dicyandiamide condensation products Melflock® and Alzofix®. Over the years we have generated high product quality, supply security and reliability for our customers. The Melflock® and Alzofix® products are mainly used as process chemicals in the paper, textile and leather industry as well as for their waste water and effluent treatment. Additionally we offer toll manufacturing and can quickly give you a price indication for your new dicyandiamide condensation product. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Home - Delphi Energy Corp. Delphi Energy Corp. is achieving low-cost, top decile economic returns from our Bigstone Montney Program. Delphi Energy Corp’s long-term growth strategy continues to achieve sustainable economic returns through the development of our high quality, liquids-rich Montney property that is uniquely positioned in the Deep Basin of Bigstone in northwest Alberta. The Company continues to succeed at improving operational efficiencies while growing our industry leading position in this world-class play. Delphi is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta and trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol DEE. We invite you to review our April 2019 presentation. </s>" <s> Home - Delphi Energy Corp. Delphi Energy Corp. is achieving low-cost, top decile economic returns from our Bigstone Montney Program. Delphi Energy Corp’s long-term growth strategy continues to achieve sustainable economic returns through the development of our high quality, liquids-rich Montney property that is uniquely positioned in the Deep Basin of Bigstone in northwest Alberta. The Company continues to succeed at improving operational efficiencies while growing our industry leading position in this world-class play. Delphi is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta and trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol DEE. We invite you to review our April 2019 presentation. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> On this All Saints Day, the dollar rose 0.5% to a 6-month high against the yen and also posted advances of 0.4% against the Swiss franc while moving above par and 0.3% relative to the euro. The dollar is steady against the loonie, peso and sterling but has fallen 0.7% relative to the kiwi and 0.3% vis-a-vis the yuan and Australian dollar. Equities around the Pacific Rim closed up 1.9% in Japan, 1.3% in South Korea, 1.2% in India, 1.1% in Hong Kong and 0.5% in Singapore, Australia and Indonesia. Most West European bourses are open despite the holiday and so far show gains on the day of 1.9% in Germany, 1.6% in Greece, 1.1% in Italy, 0.5% in France and 0.2% in Britain. The U.S. market opened slightly higher. Industrial metal prices like those for copper and nickel advanced over 1.0%, and WTI oil climbed 1.1%. Gold is 0.3% firmer. Ten-year British gilt and German bund yields rose by 3 and 2 basis points. Several October purchasing manager manufacturing survey results were reported today. 21 of 24 of them had overall indices above 50.0, meaning that factory conditions improved last month. The higher the index lies above 50, the faster was the rate of improvement in manufacturing. The economies with sub-50 readings implying a deterioration of conditions were Malaysia (48.8, a 3-month low), Thailand (49.8, a 2-month low), and South Africa (47.8, a 3-month high). In those economies with PMI readings above 50, very few were above their September levels. The Dutch and Swiss PMIs of 60.9 and 62.0 were at 80-month highs, and the Czech reading of 58.5 was at a 78-month peak. IHS reported a 9-month high in its U.S. index, and the British (56.3) and Norwegian PMI (54.5) were at 2-month highs. China’s reading of 51.0 matched September’s 3-month low. Australia’s PMI slumped to a one-year low of 51.1, and the Irish and Turkish indices fell to 7- and 6-month lows of 54.4 and 52.8, respectively. The PMI’s of Brazil (51.2) and Vietnam (51.6) dropped to 5-month lows. Russia’s 51.1 score was a 4-month low. Five economies had PMI readings above 50 but at their lowest since July: India (50.5), Greece (52.1), Indonesia (50.1), Taiwan (53.6) and the U.S. report compiled by the Institute of Supply Management, which fell to 58.7 from 60.8 the month before. The factory-sector PMIs for Sweden (59.3), Japan (52.8) and South Korea (50.2) were lower than their September readings but above August levels. Because of today’s holiday, the batch of economies releasing manufacturing purchasing manager surveys today did not include the usual full batch of suspects. Euroland, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, and the Philippines report tomorrow. New Zealand third-quarter labor statistics were released. Unemployment fell to 4.6% from 4.8% in 2Q and 4.9% in 1Q. The labor participation rate advanced 1.1 percentage points to 71.1%. Labor costs increased 0.8% on quarter and by 1.9% on year, an acceleration from 1.6% on year in 2Q and 1.5% in 1Q. The ADP estimate of private-sector U.S. jobs growth in October was 235K, more than twice as many workers as in September and even higher than the street forecast of 200K. Consumer price inflation in Thailand remained steady in October at 0.9%. South Korean CPI inflation slowed to 1.8% last month. Indonesian consumer price inflation of 3.6% in October was twice as high as in South Korea but a touch lower than September’s on-year increase. The British Nationwide house price index remained sluggish in October, edging up 0.2% on month and 2.5% on year. The average on-year pace was 2.3% in the latest three months versus a mean of 3.0% in July-August and 4.6% in October 2016. British shop prices were again less than their year-earlier level according to the British Retail Consortium. The 12-month dip in October, as in September, was 0.1%. Japanese motor vehicle sales contracted 4.7% on year in October following on-year increases of 0.4% in September and 4.7% in August. U.S. construction spending rose 0.3% on month and 2.0% on year in September. The penultimate FOMC meeting of 2017 ends today. A statement of its decision and factors affecting the decision will be released at 14:00 local time. No interest rate change is expected, and no press conference is planned. The identity of the nominee for Fed Chair is expected to be revealed no later than Friday. The terrorist incident in NYC yesterday afternoon does not appear to have influenced financial markets much, if at all, today. Mueller’s investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election continues. This entry was posted on Wednesday, November 1st, 2017 at 9:09 am and is filed under New Overnight Developments Abroad - Daily Update. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed. </s>" <s> On this All Saints Day, the dollar rose 0.5% to a 6-month high against the yen and also posted advances of 0.4% against the Swiss franc while moving above par and 0.3% relative to the euro. The dollar is steady against the loonie, peso and sterling but has fallen 0.7% relative to the kiwi and 0.3% vis-a-vis the yuan and Australian dollar. Equities around the Pacific Rim closed up 1.9% in Japan, 1.3% in South Korea, 1.2% in India, 1.1% in Hong Kong and 0.5% in Singapore, Australia and Indonesia. Most West European bourses are open despite the holiday and so far show gains on the day of 1.9% in Germany, 1.6% in Greece, 1.1% in Italy, 0.5% in France and 0.2% in Britain. The U.S. market opened slightly higher. Industrial metal prices like those for copper and nickel advanced over 1.0%, and WTI oil climbed 1.1%. Gold is 0.3% firmer. Ten-year British gilt and German bund yields rose by 3 and 2 basis points. Several October purchasing manager manufacturing survey results were reported today. 21 of 24 of them had overall indices above 50.0, meaning that factory conditions improved last month. The higher the index lies above 50, the faster was the rate of improvement in manufacturing. The economies with sub-50 readings implying a deterioration of conditions were Malaysia (48.8, a 3-month low), Thailand (49.8, a 2-month low), and South Africa (47.8, a 3-month high). In those economies with PMI readings above 50, very few were above their September levels. The Dutch and Swiss PMIs of 60.9 and 62.0 were at 80-month highs, and the Czech reading of 58.5 was at a 78-month peak. IHS reported a 9-month high in its U.S. index, and the British (56.3) and Norwegian PMI (54.5) were at 2-month highs. China’s reading of 51.0 matched September’s 3-month low. Australia’s PMI slumped to a one-year low of 51.1, and the Irish and Turkish indices fell to 7- and 6-month lows of 54.4 and 52.8, respectively. The PMI’s of Brazil (51.2) and Vietnam (51.6) dropped to 5-month lows. Russia’s 51.1 score was a 4-month low. Five economies had PMI readings above 50 but at their lowest since July: India (50.5), Greece (52.1), Indonesia (50.1), Taiwan (53.6) and the U.S. report compiled by the Institute of Supply Management, which fell to 58.7 from 60.8 the month before. The factory-sector PMIs for Sweden (59.3), Japan (52.8) and South Korea (50.2) were lower than their September readings but above August levels. Because of today’s holiday, the batch of economies releasing manufacturing purchasing manager surveys today did not include the usual full batch of suspects. Euroland, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, and the Philippines report tomorrow. New Zealand third-quarter labor statistics were released. Unemployment fell to 4.6% from 4.8% in 2Q and 4.9% in 1Q. The labor participation rate advanced 1.1 percentage points to 71.1%. Labor costs increased 0.8% on quarter and by 1.9% on year, an acceleration from 1.6% on year in 2Q and 1.5% in 1Q. The ADP estimate of private-sector U.S. jobs growth in October was 235K, more than twice as many workers as in September and even higher than the street forecast of 200K. Consumer price inflation in Thailand remained steady in October at 0.9%. South Korean CPI inflation slowed to 1.8% last month. Indonesian consumer price inflation of 3.6% in October was twice as high as in South Korea but a touch lower than September’s on-year increase. The British Nationwide house price index remained sluggish in October, edging up 0.2% on month and 2.5% on year. The average on-year pace was 2.3% in the latest three months versus a mean of 3.0% in July-August and 4.6% in October 2016. British shop prices were again less than their year-earlier level according to the British Retail Consortium. The 12-month dip in October, as in September, was 0.1%. Japanese motor vehicle sales contracted 4.7% on year in October following on-year increases of 0.4% in September and 4.7% in August. U.S. construction spending rose 0.3% on month and 2.0% on year in September. The penultimate FOMC meeting of 2017 ends today. A statement of its decision and factors affecting the decision will be released at 14:00 local time. No interest rate change is expected, and no press conference is planned. The identity of the nominee for Fed Chair is expected to be revealed no later than Friday. The terrorist incident in NYC yesterday afternoon does not appear to have influenced financial markets much, if at all, today. Mueller’s investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election continues. This entry was posted on Wednesday, November 1st, 2017 at 9:09 am and is filed under New Overnight Developments Abroad - Daily Update. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> If you know any information about an upcoming reunion, please post it so that your fellow Chisholm High alumni can find it. Also, check the info below to see if your reunion will be in Chisholm, MN or somewhere else. If you are a Chisholm alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter. Find more Chisholm reunion info at Classmates.com®. We've partnered with Classmates.com® to ensure you find information on your CHS class reunion. Events all around town .. </s>" <s> If you know any information about an upcoming reunion, please post it so that your fellow Chisholm High alumni can find it. Also, check the info below to see if your reunion will be in Chisholm, MN or somewhere else. If you are a Chisholm alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter. Find more Chisholm reunion info at Classmates.com®. We've partnered with Classmates.com® to ensure you find information on your CHS class reunion. Events all around town .. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> We at Paddock Plants are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy, together with our terms and conditions, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website https://paddockplants.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is Joanna Courtney, sole proprietor of Paddock Plants, The Paddock, Upper Toothill Road, Rownhams, SO16 8AL. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site https://paddockplants.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or post. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, search for a product, or place an order on our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, ie to supply and deliver products ordered on our website to the address supplied by you, and to keep you informed about the detail of the delivery process prior to, and subsequent to, delivery being made. to provide you with information about our products and services in response to any request made by you, using the email address or telephone number supplied by you. The only third party to whom we will disclose your personal information is the courier company used to deliver any order placed on our site to you, in order to ensure safe and prompt delivery. This information will include your name, address, telephone number and email address. We currently use UK Mail (now part of DHL) to deliver orders placed on our website. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers located in the USA and the United Kingdom. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. The GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right to disclosure of this information can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. If you have registered on our website, this can be done within your personal account section. If you have placed an order as a guest, you can request disclosure by emailing us at contact(at)paddockplants.co.uk. The GDPR gives you the right to have information held about you permanently erased. Your right to erasure of this information can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. If you have registered on our website, this can be done within your personal account section. If you have placed an order as a guest, you can request erasure by emailing us at contact(at)paddockplants.co.uk. </s>" <s> We at Paddock Plants are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy, together with our terms and conditions, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website https://paddockplants.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is Joanna Courtney, sole proprietor of Paddock Plants, The Paddock, Upper Toothill Road, Rownhams, SO16 8AL. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site https://paddockplants.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or post. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, search for a product, or place an order on our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, ie to supply and deliver products ordered on our website to the address supplied by you, and to keep you informed about the detail of the delivery process prior to, and subsequent to, delivery being made. to provide you with information about our products and services in response to any request made by you, using the email address or telephone number supplied by you. The only third party to whom we will disclose your personal information is the courier company used to deliver any order placed on our site to you, in order to ensure safe and prompt delivery. This information will include your name, address, telephone number and email address. We currently use UK Mail (now part of DHL) to deliver orders placed on our website. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers located in the USA and the United Kingdom. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. The GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right to disclosure of this information can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. If you have registered on our website, this can be done within your personal account section. If you have placed an order as a guest, you can request disclosure by emailing us at contact(at)paddockplants.co.uk. The GDPR gives you the right to have information held about you permanently erased. Your right to erasure of this information can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. If you have registered on our website, this can be done within your personal account section. If you have placed an order as a guest, you can request erasure by emailing us at contact(at)paddockplants.co.uk. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> The Olympics are only 100 days away and we are very excited that rugby has joined the roster of sports for the first time since 1924. 7s tournaments have been growing in popularity across the world and now it will be part of the biggest sporting event the world has to offer. While no final squad lists have been released for the Games yet, below you’ll find seven players we would love to see play at the Olympics this Summer (however unlikely). Disagree with our picks? Let us know who you’d like to have seen in the comments below. One of the top try scorers for the last two 6 Nations Championships, Jonathan Joseph has a magnetic attraction to the try line. He forced his way onto the starting XV when he got his chance in the 2015 6 Nations and has been a staple of the England team since. He would surely have a great impact in 7s with even bigger gaps in the defence to play with. The Fiji and Crusaders star has been likened to rugby legend Jonah Lomu and it’s easy to see why. At 6 ft 4, 125 kg and with the pace to back it up, Nemani Nadolo punches holes in the best defences in the world. Add some insane offloading skills and the fact he is a kicker with good range and you have a player that could feasibly slot into one of the best 7s teams in the world. What’s more, he’s expressed an interest in trying to get onto the team! Sadly though, it’s looking increasingly unlikely that Nadolo will be joining the Fiji squad for the Rio Olympics. A recent 3 week ban could spell the end of his chances of joining up with the 7s team. The Six Nations Player of the Tournament, Stuart Hogg could bring a lot to Team GB at the Rio Olympics. He has been in blistering form for club and country and has been suggested by many to be the choice full back for the 2017 Lions tour. Hogg also played in the Scotland 7s team during the Commonwealth Games so has more experience with the game than many of the other players on this list. Could he still be called up for Rio? Recently nominated for the European Player of the Year award, Maro Itoje has had a very good year with Saracens and England. Brought into the England set up early because of squad injuries, Itoje became one of the hardest working men on the pitch for the Grand Slam winning team. While he has plenty on his plate at the moment with the European Final just around the corner and a England tour of Australia in the Summer, we would have loved to have seen his skill and work rate at the Olympics. Dan Biggar really had to step up to the plate in the Rugby World Cup when it was clear Leigh Halfpenny would not be fit for the tournament. His kicking helped Wales close out and catch up in games and he proved he could do it again in the 6 Nations. He had more kicks in play than any other player and proved himself to be one of the best under a high ball. His foot work would be great to see on Team GB and his pre-kick routine would fit in with the party atmosphere of 7s tournaments. Mathieu Bastareaud may not have the same pace as many 7s players but we would love to him bounce off the opposition for France at the Rio Olympics. He missed out on most of the 6 Nations but at 27, we expect we’ve still to see the best of Bastareaud. He’d be an explosive option for any 7s team and seeing him go up against teammate Bryan Habana (above) would be a great moment for the tournament! Already established as one of the best 7s forwards in the world at the age of 22, we were excited to see the younger Savea brother ripping up the pitch in Rio. Sadly, Savea has withdrawn from the team to focus on his rugby with the Hurricanes and to potentially fill the Richie McCaw shaped hole in the All Blacks. It’s a tough decision but here’s hoping he is available for the the 2020 Games! Disagree with our picks? Let us know what players you’d like to see in the comments below. </s>" <s> The Olympics are only 100 days away and we are very excited that rugby has joined the roster of sports for the first time since 1924. 7s tournaments have been growing in popularity across the world and now it will be part of the biggest sporting event the world has to offer. While no final squad lists have been released for the Games yet, below you’ll find seven players we would love to see play at the Olympics this Summer (however unlikely). Disagree with our picks? Let us know who you’d like to have seen in the comments below. One of the top try scorers for the last two 6 Nations Championships, Jonathan Joseph has a magnetic attraction to the try line. He forced his way onto the starting XV when he got his chance in the 2015 6 Nations and has been a staple of the England team since. He would surely have a great impact in 7s with even bigger gaps in the defence to play with. The Fiji and Crusaders star has been likened to rugby legend Jonah Lomu and it’s easy to see why. At 6 ft 4, 125 kg and with the pace to back it up, Nemani Nadolo punches holes in the best defences in the world. Add some insane offloading skills and the fact he is a kicker with good range and you have a player that could feasibly slot into one of the best 7s teams in the world. What’s more, he’s expressed an interest in trying to get onto the team! Sadly though, it’s looking increasingly unlikely that Nadolo will be joining the Fiji squad for the Rio Olympics. A recent 3 week ban could spell the end of his chances of joining up with the 7s team. The Six Nations Player of the Tournament, Stuart Hogg could bring a lot to Team GB at the Rio Olympics. He has been in blistering form for club and country and has been suggested by many to be the choice full back for the 2017 Lions tour. Hogg also played in the Scotland 7s team during the Commonwealth Games so has more experience with the game than many of the other players on this list. Could he still be called up for Rio? Recently nominated for the European Player of the Year award, Maro Itoje has had a very good year with Saracens and England. Brought into the England set up early because of squad injuries, Itoje became one of the hardest working men on the pitch for the Grand Slam winning team. While he has plenty on his plate at the moment with the European Final just around the corner and a England tour of Australia in the Summer, we would have loved to have seen his skill and work rate at the Olympics. Dan Biggar really had to step up to the plate in the Rugby World Cup when it was clear Leigh Halfpenny would not be fit for the tournament. His kicking helped Wales close out and catch up in games and he proved he could do it again in the 6 Nations. He had more kicks in play than any other player and proved himself to be one of the best under a high ball. His foot work would be great to see on Team GB and his pre-kick routine would fit in with the party atmosphere of 7s tournaments. Mathieu Bastareaud may not have the same pace as many 7s players but we would love to him bounce off the opposition for France at the Rio Olympics. He missed out on most of the 6 Nations but at 27, we expect we’ve still to see the best of Bastareaud. He’d be an explosive option for any 7s team and seeing him go up against teammate Bryan Habana (above) would be a great moment for the tournament! Already established as one of the best 7s forwards in the world at the age of 22, we were excited to see the younger Savea brother ripping up the pitch in Rio. Sadly, Savea has withdrawn from the team to focus on his rugby with the Hurricanes and to potentially fill the Richie McCaw shaped hole in the All Blacks. It’s a tough decision but here’s hoping he is available for the the 2020 Games! Disagree with our picks? Let us know what players you’d like to see in the comments below. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Place the Prawns, Salt, Egg, Ginger, Soy, Onions and Sesame Oil in a food processor and blend to a paste. For the dish, you will need approx 50 grams worth, there will be left-overs and you can use this for Prawn Toast! Pat the 50g blend onto a 120g portion of skinless brill, then pat firmly on the sesame seeds. Shallow fry seeds side down for a few minutes until they start to turn golden, carefully turn and place into an oven at 180C for 5 minutes until thoroughly cooked. Steam Bok Choi and arrange on the plate with fish on top and dress with the sesame, lime and hoisin dressing. </s>" <s> Place the Prawns, Salt, Egg, Ginger, Soy, Onions and Sesame Oil in a food processor and blend to a paste. For the dish, you will need approx 50 grams worth, there will be left-overs and you can use this for Prawn Toast! Pat the 50g blend onto a 120g portion of skinless brill, then pat firmly on the sesame seeds. Shallow fry seeds side down for a few minutes until they start to turn golden, carefully turn and place into an oven at 180C for 5 minutes until thoroughly cooked. Steam Bok Choi and arrange on the plate with fish on top and dress with the sesame, lime and hoisin dressing. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> What if, instead of working full time in an office, you could do high-quality legal work from home for as little time each month as you wanted? That’s the option virtual law firms offer to the lucky few attorneys who have joined their ranks. While Axiom is the biggest player in this space, and Montage Legal is growing, regional networks offer alternative models that are smaller and offer the same sophisticated work. Corporate Legal Partners, for example, is a legal services provider near Boston that engages experienced attorneys to take ownership of short-term projects on a part-time basis. Its clients include top US and European companies, and its attorneys are very happy people. Corporate Legal Partners was started by Patricia (Trish) Landgren. Trish got the idea for her business model while she was general counsel to a billion-dollar public company in the Boston area. When she went on maternity leave, she tried to find someone to fill her shoes, knowing that she woul be returning to work shortly after giving birth. Although she had a staff of attorneys, they were already busy and lacked the right experience for the senior role. She wanted someone who could handle the GC role without a lot of hand-holding. One option was to use a lawyer from the prestigious Boston firm she consulted with, at several hundred dollars an hour. Another was to hire a contract lawyer whose qualifications seemed dubious. Although she ended up hiring another lawyer, she wished there were a better alternative – so she decided to create one. The ideal solution, she thought, would allow companies to hire talented senior attorneys on a project-by-project basis, especially when the projects could be completed fairly quickly. It was easy to hire a temporary accountant or a human resources staffer, she recalls, but there was no way to hire a temporary senior attorney that a company could trust with complex legal work. A virtual law firm could provide these services with much less overhead than traditional firms, resulting in dramatically lower legal fees for the company. At the same time, it could provide attorneys who didn’t want to work in law firms with the opportunity to work on interesting projects for a short amount of time. In order to make this work, Trish needed to find attorneys who had the confidence and competence to work directly with clients and who understood their business needs. The ideal attorneys would have the kind of high-profile firm experience that clients would find attractive. They would be self-motivated and efficient, and able to get the projects done well with little support. One fairly senior attorney didn’t quite work out, Trish recalls, because although he was accustomed to solving complex legal problems as the head of a team, he had a hard time figuring out how to send FedEx packages himself. Importantly, they would need to be comfortable with part-time work on a schedule that is not always predictable. Working for Corporate Legal Partners is not a full-time job, except for Trish. Trish found her first attorney through her extensive personal network. Over time, Trish added to her roster of attorneys, making her decisions not only on education, skill and experience, but on personality fit. As Corporate Legal Partners has developed a growing list of clients, and a backlog of senior attorneys who want to work for it, Trish has had to choose how big she wants the practice to get. For the moment, Trish is keeping her practice small and manageable, so that she can maintain the personal service level that she enjoys and her clients value. As her three kids grow, she may make different decisions. Having that flexibility, of course, is one of the great perks of owning your own business. Would you want to start – or work for – a network like Corporate Legal Partners? Why aren’t there more options like this? </s>" <s> What if, instead of working full time in an office, you could do high-quality legal work from home for as little time each month as you wanted? That’s the option virtual law firms offer to the lucky few attorneys who have joined their ranks. While Axiom is the biggest player in this space, and Montage Legal is growing, regional networks offer alternative models that are smaller and offer the same sophisticated work. Corporate Legal Partners, for example, is a legal services provider near Boston that engages experienced attorneys to take ownership of short-term projects on a part-time basis. Its clients include top US and European companies, and its attorneys are very happy people. Corporate Legal Partners was started by Patricia (Trish) Landgren. Trish got the idea for her business model while she was general counsel to a billion-dollar public company in the Boston area. When she went on maternity leave, she tried to find someone to fill her shoes, knowing that she woul be returning to work shortly after giving birth. Although she had a staff of attorneys, they were already busy and lacked the right experience for the senior role. She wanted someone who could handle the GC role without a lot of hand-holding. One option was to use a lawyer from the prestigious Boston firm she consulted with, at several hundred dollars an hour. Another was to hire a contract lawyer whose qualifications seemed dubious. Although she ended up hiring another lawyer, she wished there were a better alternative – so she decided to create one. The ideal solution, she thought, would allow companies to hire talented senior attorneys on a project-by-project basis, especially when the projects could be completed fairly quickly. It was easy to hire a temporary accountant or a human resources staffer, she recalls, but there was no way to hire a temporary senior attorney that a company could trust with complex legal work. A virtual law firm could provide these services with much less overhead than traditional firms, resulting in dramatically lower legal fees for the company. At the same time, it could provide attorneys who didn’t want to work in law firms with the opportunity to work on interesting projects for a short amount of time. In order to make this work, Trish needed to find attorneys who had the confidence and competence to work directly with clients and who understood their business needs. The ideal attorneys would have the kind of high-profile firm experience that clients would find attractive. They would be self-motivated and efficient, and able to get the projects done well with little support. One fairly senior attorney didn’t quite work out, Trish recalls, because although he was accustomed to solving complex legal problems as the head of a team, he had a hard time figuring out how to send FedEx packages himself. Importantly, they would need to be comfortable with part-time work on a schedule that is not always predictable. Working for Corporate Legal Partners is not a full-time job, except for Trish. Trish found her first attorney through her extensive personal network. Over time, Trish added to her roster of attorneys, making her decisions not only on education, skill and experience, but on personality fit. As Corporate Legal Partners has developed a growing list of clients, and a backlog of senior attorneys who want to work for it, Trish has had to choose how big she wants the practice to get. For the moment, Trish is keeping her practice small and manageable, so that she can maintain the personal service level that she enjoys and her clients value. As her three kids grow, she may make different decisions. Having that flexibility, of course, is one of the great perks of owning your own business. Would you want to start – or work for – a network like Corporate Legal Partners? Why aren’t there more options like this? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> Pokemon is commemorating its 20th anniversary next month, and to celebrate it’s got a blockbuster ad to show off during the Super Bowl. The 70-second spot starts off like many of the commercials you’ll see during the night, with an inspiring soundtrack and a focus on stellar production values. But it’s probably not until halfway through that you’ll realize you’re watching a commercial for a 20-year-old video game franchise. The commercial, which will run in a 30-second format at the beginning of the third quarter, isn’t promoting any particular Pokemon game. Pokken Tournament and Pokemon Go aren’t hitting the market until at least the spring. The closest game release for the franchise is the re-releasing of Pokemon Red, Blue and Yellow for the 3DS on Feb. 27. But this ad is more about building hype for the franchise in general, and may encourage older players to pass interest in the game on to newer generations. True Pokemon fans will also enjoy the small references to the game, such as the “Like no one ever was” sign in the football locker room. But a true fan might see some other Easter eggs earlier on. Did you catch them all? </s>" <s> Pokemon is commemorating its 20th anniversary next month, and to celebrate it’s got a blockbuster ad to show off during the Super Bowl. The 70-second spot starts off like many of the commercials you’ll see during the night, with an inspiring soundtrack and a focus on stellar production values. But it’s probably not until halfway through that you’ll realize you’re watching a commercial for a 20-year-old video game franchise. The commercial, which will run in a 30-second format at the beginning of the third quarter, isn’t promoting any particular Pokemon game. Pokken Tournament and Pokemon Go aren’t hitting the market until at least the spring. The closest game release for the franchise is the re-releasing of Pokemon Red, Blue and Yellow for the 3DS on Feb. 27. But this ad is more about building hype for the franchise in general, and may encourage older players to pass interest in the game on to newer generations. True Pokemon fans will also enjoy the small references to the game, such as the “Like no one ever was” sign in the football locker room. But a true fan might see some other Easter eggs earlier on. Did you catch them all? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Just a heads up: every update this week is going to be a two-pager. The six pages going up this week (including today’s two) are all in the same scene. But it felt excessively long and exhausting when spread out over the course of two weeks. So while many of them could probably stand alone, condensing these pages like this felt more appropriate. Let’s just not get into the expectation that I’m going to post two pages EVERY time now. This is just - no pun intended - the exception. Er-hem... let’s get to the content itself. IS he right? Mercy, that was heavy. I literally heard sound effects in my head when I hit that second-to-last panel. WOW, does that last panel mean that Rudy knows that Rain is not attracted to boys? I can really sympathize with Rain. Right now, I'm still not sure if I'm panromantic or lesb. While dating my ex, the entire time he had to initiate every kiss, and we were really only dating in name only. I often felt kind of bad—like he could do and deserved better than me, that I didn't like him the way I thought—and... I broke up with him. I still have no idea if the lack of sparks when we kissed was because I didn't like him, or if I just don't like boys. Well I wish I could be surprised about this, but really it is just the timing that caught me off guard. The hints dropped beforehand were pretty strong. Ah, the clash of one's psyche vs. societal expectations. What's especially fun is that the expectation is so engrained in us to conform to things like gender roles, that we take it as an unvoiced exception to our encouragement to ""be yourself."" I may have mucked up some pronouns there, but it feels later than it is, and this was an heavy update. WOW! Has Rain been so busy trying to be ""Normal"" that she forgot to stop and check her own feelings??? I absolutely LOVE the raw emotion you put in this page and the previous, and I applaud you for achieving it. That's something that can be very hard to do. But isn't Rudy in the same boat when it comes to who's attracted to which gender? It could possibly be turned around as ""I've never dated girls before and I never wanted to."" Posting again, I really loved this page. Because the sudden realization in Rain's face. I'm looking forward to what's going to happen next. I'm glad I know I'm a lesbian, otherwise I'd have to go through this exact thing too. And I certainly don't want to. They're called ""crushes"" for a reason.... because that's what they do. </s>" <s> Just a heads up: every update this week is going to be a two-pager. The six pages going up this week (including today’s two) are all in the same scene. But it felt excessively long and exhausting when spread out over the course of two weeks. So while many of them could probably stand alone, condensing these pages like this felt more appropriate. Let’s just not get into the expectation that I’m going to post two pages EVERY time now. This is just - no pun intended - the exception. Er-hem... let’s get to the content itself. IS he right? Mercy, that was heavy. I literally heard sound effects in my head when I hit that second-to-last panel. WOW, does that last panel mean that Rudy knows that Rain is not attracted to boys? I can really sympathize with Rain. Right now, I'm still not sure if I'm panromantic or lesb. While dating my ex, the entire time he had to initiate every kiss, and we were really only dating in name only. I often felt kind of bad—like he could do and deserved better than me, that I didn't like him the way I thought—and... I broke up with him. I still have no idea if the lack of sparks when we kissed was because I didn't like him, or if I just don't like boys. Well I wish I could be surprised about this, but really it is just the timing that caught me off guard. The hints dropped beforehand were pretty strong. Ah, the clash of one's psyche vs. societal expectations. What's especially fun is that the expectation is so engrained in us to conform to things like gender roles, that we take it as an unvoiced exception to our encouragement to """be" "yourself.""" I may have mucked up some pronouns there, but it feels later than it is, and this was an heavy update. WOW! Has Rain been so busy trying to be """Normal""" that she forgot to stop and check her own feelings??? I absolutely LOVE the raw emotion you put in this page and the previous, and I applaud you for achieving it. That's something that can be very hard to do. But isn't Rudy in the same boat when it comes to who's attracted to which gender? It could possibly be turned around as """I've" never dated girls before and I never wanted "to.""" Posting again, I really loved this page. Because the sudden realization in Rain's face. I'm looking forward to what's going to happen next. I'm glad I know I'm a lesbian, otherwise I'd have to go through this exact thing too. And I certainly don't want to. They're called """crushes""" for a reason.... because that's what they do. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> This Focus Area is for students who may have well-developed physical abilities, be willing to help others enjoy physical and leisure activities, or have involvement in various sport activities. For a detailed information pamphlet, click here. For a brief overview, click here. </s>" <s> This Focus Area is for students who may have well-developed physical abilities, be willing to help others enjoy physical and leisure activities, or have involvement in various sport activities. For a detailed information pamphlet, click here. For a brief overview, click here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> ” To perform assessment, and treatment of patients who may have diverse presentations and complex physical and psychological conditions, as well as a variety of communication problems such as deafness, dysphasia, or confusion. ” To hold responsibility for own case load and be responsible for a defined area of the service, working with supervision. Supervision takes the form of regular formal training, clinical reasoning sessions, peer review and case conferences. Access to advice and support from a senior Occupational therapist is available if required, clinical work is not routinely evaluated. ” To undertake all aspects of clinical duties as an autonomous practitioner. ” Knowledge of safe working practices in all settings e.g. lone working in the community etc. </s>" <s> ” To perform assessment, and treatment of patients who may have diverse presentations and complex physical and psychological conditions, as well as a variety of communication problems such as deafness, dysphasia, or confusion. ” To hold responsibility for own case load and be responsible for a defined area of the service, working with supervision. Supervision takes the form of regular formal training, clinical reasoning sessions, peer review and case conferences. Access to advice and support from a senior Occupational therapist is available if required, clinical work is not routinely evaluated. ” To undertake all aspects of clinical duties as an autonomous practitioner. ” Knowledge of safe working practices in all settings e.g. lone working in the community etc. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Bloging-gampang.blogspot.comhas global traffic and website rank of #11,232,308. The website domain is using the .com extension. Currently it is not listed on DMOZ. There were no threats or malware detected, so it is safe to browse this website. Bloging-gampang.blogspot.com has an estimated value of $ 133 and has an estimated daily income of around N/A. HTTP/1.1 301 Moved Permanently Location: https://bloging-gampang.blogspot.com/ Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Expires: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Cache-Control: private, max-age=0 X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block Server: GSE Transfer-Encoding: chunked Accept-Ranges: none Vary: Accept-Encoding HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Expires: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Cache-Control: private, max-age=0 Last-Modified: Sun, 15 Apr 2018 10:11:44 GMT ETag: W/""cebf6de8756f40802c9e5ba428dadc07b19bd5de594aecd08d7d827f357a85cd"" X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block Content-Length: 0 Server: GSE Alt-Svc: hq="":443""; ma=2592000; quic=51303432; quic=51303431; quic=51303339; quic=51303335,quic="":443""; ma=2592000; v=""42,41,39,35"" bloging-gampang.blogspot.com web ranking is 11,232,308. They have 0 backLinks, 89 Daily Unique Visitors, 14/100 PageSpeed, 100/100 Bounce Rate, 0/100 DA. Post and read the reviews of bloging-gampang.blogspot.com. Before trusting bloging-gampang.blogspot.com, read what people have experienced and commented, whether it is good or bad. You can also check Coupon Codes for bloging-gampang.blogspot.com or post if you have any with expiry date. </s>" <s> Bloging-gampang.blogspot.comhas global traffic and website rank of #11,232,308. The website domain is using the .com extension. Currently it is not listed on DMOZ. There were no threats or malware detected, so it is safe to browse this website. Bloging-gampang.blogspot.com has an estimated value of $ 133 and has an estimated daily income of around N/A. HTTP/1.1 301 Moved Permanently Location: https://bloging-gampang.blogspot.com/ Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Expires: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Cache-Control: private, max-age=0 X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block Server: GSE Transfer-Encoding: chunked Accept-Ranges: none Vary: Accept-Encoding HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Expires: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2018 06:25:41 GMT Cache-Control: private, max-age=0 Last-Modified: Sun, 15 Apr 2018 10:11:44 GMT ETag: "W/""cebf6de8756f40802c9e5ba428dadc07b19bd5de594aecd08d7d827f357a85cd""" X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block Content-Length: 0 Server: GSE Alt-Svc: "hq="":443"";" ma=2592000; quic=51303432; quic=51303431; quic=51303339; "quic=51303335,quic="":443"";" ma=2592000; "v=""42,41,39,35""" bloging-gampang.blogspot.com web ranking is 11,232,308. They have 0 backLinks, 89 Daily Unique Visitors, 14/100 PageSpeed, 100/100 Bounce Rate, 0/100 DA. Post and read the reviews of bloging-gampang.blogspot.com. Before trusting bloging-gampang.blogspot.com, read what people have experienced and commented, whether it is good or bad. You can also check Coupon Codes for bloging-gampang.blogspot.com or post if you have any with expiry date. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Last month record label Universal Canada parted ways with rockers Danko Jones. Universal claimed that the band wasn't touring enough in Canada and they had issues with the leader Danko Jones' opinions on fans downloading music. Like most industry people Universal is against free downloading of music. Danko sees nothing wrong with it, and to prove his point the band has some exclusive music on their website (www.dankojones.com) for fans to download free. Finding the right spot to access the songs may be a bit difficult, but be patient and pay attention; after all the music is free. Currently Danko Jones is on a European tour. Judging from the number of awards from various magazines, the band is very popular across the pond. </s>" <s> Last month record label Universal Canada parted ways with rockers Danko Jones. Universal claimed that the band wasn't touring enough in Canada and they had issues with the leader Danko Jones' opinions on fans downloading music. Like most industry people Universal is against free downloading of music. Danko sees nothing wrong with it, and to prove his point the band has some exclusive music on their website (www.dankojones.com) for fans to download free. Finding the right spot to access the songs may be a bit difficult, but be patient and pay attention; after all the music is free. Currently Danko Jones is on a European tour. Judging from the number of awards from various magazines, the band is very popular across the pond. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Can you lose local data if a device stays offline for too long? Is there a risk to loose unsynced data that was created while offline? Or the data will persist locally on the iOS device even if the app is forced to close? And then the data will sync back to ROS when online? Is the Realm shared between multiple users/devices or is it generally one Realm per user/device? The realm is shared between multiple devices and for one user. We also expect to share this realm between multiple user at a later time. Okay, then there’s a risk of losing data if the app has been offline for longer than the historyTtl. If it has been offline for less than that, then there’s no chance for data loss, unless the server is restored from a backup. We have a feature in the works that will resolve that problem for devices that stay offline for longer than the historyTtl. </s>" <s> Can you lose local data if a device stays offline for too long? Is there a risk to loose unsynced data that was created while offline? Or the data will persist locally on the iOS device even if the app is forced to close? And then the data will sync back to ROS when online? Is the Realm shared between multiple users/devices or is it generally one Realm per user/device? The realm is shared between multiple devices and for one user. We also expect to share this realm between multiple user at a later time. Okay, then there’s a risk of losing data if the app has been offline for longer than the historyTtl. If it has been offline for less than that, then there’s no chance for data loss, unless the server is restored from a backup. We have a feature in the works that will resolve that problem for devices that stay offline for longer than the historyTtl. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> The Saint Chapelle is one of my favorite places in Paris. Tucked away in the old castle complex on the Ile de la Cite, it was built in the 13th century and is where the royal family would go to church. You wouldn’t think anything of it from the exterior; the interior is mindblowing. ← Paris, Day 4 – Yellow Pants! </s>" <s> The Saint Chapelle is one of my favorite places in Paris. Tucked away in the old castle complex on the Ile de la Cite, it was built in the 13th century and is where the royal family would go to church. You wouldn’t think anything of it from the exterior; the interior is mindblowing. ← Paris, Day 4 – Yellow Pants! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Solgar has been providing innovative, top-quality and wide-range of supplements to consumers since 1947. They are driven by the science of nutrition and use state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities to provide consumers with the highest quality vitamins, minerals, botanicals and food extracts available. The Solgar mission is to enhance the total health and well-being of consumers. Total Body Care is a Solgar Approved stockist. </s>" <s> Solgar has been providing innovative, top-quality and wide-range of supplements to consumers since 1947. They are driven by the science of nutrition and use state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities to provide consumers with the highest quality vitamins, minerals, botanicals and food extracts available. The Solgar mission is to enhance the total health and well-being of consumers. Total Body Care is a Solgar Approved stockist. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Ad-ID has created alliances with a number of industry organizations (listed below), eliminating the need to rekey advertising information. These alliances help achieve advertising interoperability, in which advertising systems work together providing additional benefits to users. Adobe’s Creative Cloud uses interactive metadata panels developed by Ad-ID. This allows for the embedding and reading of Ad-ID digital ad slate metadata in a variety of file formats using the Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP). The open XMP standard allows metadata to travel across different file formats and systems. Adobe has partnered with Ad-ID as part of its ongoing support of system interoperability to solve customer problems. You can download the XMP flash panel for Adobe Creative Cloud here. Adstream is a global advertising technology and services provider, helping brands and agencies to manage the creation, optimization, storage and delivery of content. The Adstream platform is the first all-in-one digital asset management (DAM), ad delivery, and workflow solution to be connected to broadcasters, publishers and online services, enabling seamless workflows, talent management and unparalleled advertising and marketing transparency. Apago Inc. develops software solutions that create, modify and optimize electronic files for print, Internet and digital media. Apago has developed software that embeds Ad-ID metadata into a variety of file formats using Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP), improving workflow efficiency and reducing error rates by automating repetitive processes. Comcast Technology Solutions powers advertising distribution and management processes. Integration of Ad Delivery with Ad-ID, allows users to retrieve spot metadata from the Ad-ID registry promoting best practices, increasing efficiency and ensuring that accurate metadata is delivered to stations and networks. Digital Confidence provides software for hidden data removal, data leakage prevention (DLP) and metadata management. Digital Confidence has integrated support for the Ad-ID Digital Ad Slate for XMP into their MetadataTouchTM tool, allowing users to view and import Ad-ID metadata into all supported file formats. Future versions of MetadataTouch will support automatic integration with the Ad-ID system. To download instructions on how to use MetadataTouchTM tool with Ad-ID, click here. Encompass is a global technology services company focused on supporting broadcast and cable networks, digital leaders and sports leagues with the delivery of their linear and non-linear video content across television and digital platforms. Through comprehensive, end-to-end video solutions, Encompass designs, implements and operates reliable video solutions that capture, process and deliver clients’ video content from any source, in any format, to any destination in the most efficient way possible. Encompass originates 850+ channels which includes capturing, processing and delivering over 25,000 hours of premium content per day from its eight facilities across four continents. Encompass has partnered with Ad-ID to integrate efficient media solutions to existing client practices. ECN provides commercial traffic, distribution and compliance services for 90 of the nation's top 100 advertisers and many more. Agencies create commercial instructions using ECN’s xml traffic website and connect directly to Ad-ID to retrieve commercial records from the Ad-ID registry, eliminating re-keying and human error. ECN delivers over 10,000 commercial instructions daily received through its xml traffic website and the major media buying systems, and is automating commercial scheduling through xml traffic delivery. Extreme Reach is a leading provider of cross-media video advertising solutions that span TV and digital video. The Extreme Reach platform integrates directly with the Ad-ID system to automatically import Ad-ID codes and other metadata, preventing errors and saving time. This document summarizes how the Extreme Reach integration with Ad-ID can significantly improve efficiency. Imagine Communications is one of the leading suppliers of fully integrated information processing systems for advertising and media buying communities, providing media software and networking solutions to media, broadcast, service provider, government and enterprise customers. Through integration with Ad-ID, Imagine Communications users can now export data directly out of the Ad-ID system without the need to manually re-enter data into Imagine Communications systems. Help documents are available here. isd performs media audits and benchmarks to help advertisers oversee their agency relationships and measure the correlation between media dollars spent and the actual level of media received. isd has implemented Ad-ID into the existing media, transactional and reporting workflows of advertisers and their agencies to better identify, track and measure advertising investments throughout the media lifecycle. Media Monitors gives producers of creative the ability to upload radio and TV spots and metadata to its servers providing a link to help insure spots run as desired by clients and talent. Participants and subscribers can track their radio and TV spots verifying that they ran properly. Mediaocean is the leading software platform provider for the marketing world. Its open traditional and digital media platforms empower businesses and professionals across the global marketing ecosystem with intelligent automation, efficiency, and flexibility in their workflow. Mediaocean users can now export data out of Ad-ID into Mediaocean without the need to manually re-enter data into Mediaocean’s Spectra. Help documents are available for Spectra DS and Spectra OX uploads. Metaglue makes tools that enhance digital media workflows with user metadata. These work with the Ad-ID digital slate to allow users to test, preview and create Ad-ID compliant material. The company’s MXFixerTM tool comes bundled with scripts for creating and testing Ad-ID-aware MXF files and queries the Ad-ID database directly to build the digital slate without re-keying. To download instructions on how to use MXFixer with Ad-ID, click here. Nielsen is an information and measurement company that measures and monitors what consumers watch and buy on a global and local basis. Nielsen and Ad-ID are collaborating to bring to market an efficient automated identification process that efficiently links ad campaigns with creative assets. RADCO media helps companies integrate existing production or media management solutions with the Ad-ID system. RADCO allows companies to maintain their existing systems while giving them access to the added benefits of Ad-ID. RSG Media uses data science to transform content, advertising, and promo inventories for media and entertainment companies. AdVant is a suite of yield optimization modules that significantly lowers liabilities, while generating new ad revenues for cable & broadcast networks. RightsLogic, is an end-to-end content life cycle management solution supporting the acquisition, production, licensing, planning, scheduling and financials around content management. Media Mantra optimizes cable and broadcast networks promo inventories by using proprietary, machine-learning algorithms to increase reach and convert more viewers using less inventory. RSG Media's Big Knowledge decodes audience behavior for radical insights, building competitive programming and hyper targeted advertising. RSG Media has long supported industry standards like EIDR & SMPTE that aim to uniquely identify content across the supply chain, ease integration, and enhance downstream reporting capabilities. By partnering with the Ad-ID community, as a software provider, we hope to continue this work, aiding the advertising community in the standardization of the advertising supply chain. RSG Media’s products are available on-premise and as software-as-a-service (SaaS). RSG Media is headquartered in New York with offices in London and India. Samba TV is a leading provider of audience powered advertising and analytics across all platforms. Founded in 2008, the company’s patented technology extracts viewership insights from social media, set-top boxes and connected devices. Hundreds of brands rely on Samba TV to connect their brand messages from television to digital devices, and understand the consumer journey from awareness-driving TV commercials to ultimate consumption of a product. Samba TV utilizes Ad-ID to ensure accurate and consistent metadata in our industry leading analytics solutions. For more information, follow @samba_tv on Twitter or Instagram. SpotGenie provides digital media services to the advertising, entertainment and broadcast industries. SpotGenie has integrated their ad management and delivery program with the Ad-ID platform, removing the possibility of duplicate codes. Spottraffic has been providing broadcast advertising asset management and distribution since 1977 and traffics over 200,000 spots per year. Spottraffic simplifies digital delivery processes and, through integration with Ad-ID, eliminates code and title errors. Telestream provides live and on-demand digital video tools and workflow solutions, including Telestream Switch, a media player that allows professionals to play, inspect and correct files. Switch now extracts and fully displays the Ad-ID metadata allowing for inspection of the metadata embedded in a file. Telestream’s Vantage TrafficManager automates the way TV stations move and manage advertisements and content. With Ad-ID integration, TrafficManager will utilize Ad-ID metadata, implementing it into Vantage’s existing MXF application and metadata support. Tylie is a broadcast advertising management and distribution company. The company’s 100% digital platform creates seamless communication and collaboration throughout the workflow and is now integrated with Ad-ID. The company’s tools – Tylie Spot Transfer and Tylie Viewpoint – assess the Ad-ID database, eliminating the possibility of code duplication while maintaining the integrity of the metadata. Watchwith allows broadcasters and cable networks to create and manage mobile, web, social and first-screen TV experiences that deliver timed content, commerce and advertising to the viewer. Ad-ID integration makes it possible for advertisers that utilize Ad-ID to easily manage and traffic creative assets to broadcast and cable network customers. Yangaroo is the developer of the Digital Media Distribution System (DMDS), which allows audio and video files to be distributed, managed and monetized. Integration with Ad-ID allows content owners and distributors to synchronize asset metadata either as part of the media upload or during the order/trafficking process. </s>" <s> Ad-ID has created alliances with a number of industry organizations (listed below), eliminating the need to rekey advertising information. These alliances help achieve advertising interoperability, in which advertising systems work together providing additional benefits to users. Adobe’s Creative Cloud uses interactive metadata panels developed by Ad-ID. This allows for the embedding and reading of Ad-ID digital ad slate metadata in a variety of file formats using the Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP). The open XMP standard allows metadata to travel across different file formats and systems. Adobe has partnered with Ad-ID as part of its ongoing support of system interoperability to solve customer problems. You can download the XMP flash panel for Adobe Creative Cloud here. Adstream is a global advertising technology and services provider, helping brands and agencies to manage the creation, optimization, storage and delivery of content. The Adstream platform is the first all-in-one digital asset management (DAM), ad delivery, and workflow solution to be connected to broadcasters, publishers and online services, enabling seamless workflows, talent management and unparalleled advertising and marketing transparency. Apago Inc. develops software solutions that create, modify and optimize electronic files for print, Internet and digital media. Apago has developed software that embeds Ad-ID metadata into a variety of file formats using Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP), improving workflow efficiency and reducing error rates by automating repetitive processes. Comcast Technology Solutions powers advertising distribution and management processes. Integration of Ad Delivery with Ad-ID, allows users to retrieve spot metadata from the Ad-ID registry promoting best practices, increasing efficiency and ensuring that accurate metadata is delivered to stations and networks. Digital Confidence provides software for hidden data removal, data leakage prevention (DLP) and metadata management. Digital Confidence has integrated support for the Ad-ID Digital Ad Slate for XMP into their MetadataTouchTM tool, allowing users to view and import Ad-ID metadata into all supported file formats. Future versions of MetadataTouch will support automatic integration with the Ad-ID system. To download instructions on how to use MetadataTouchTM tool with Ad-ID, click here. Encompass is a global technology services company focused on supporting broadcast and cable networks, digital leaders and sports leagues with the delivery of their linear and non-linear video content across television and digital platforms. Through comprehensive, end-to-end video solutions, Encompass designs, implements and operates reliable video solutions that capture, process and deliver clients’ video content from any source, in any format, to any destination in the most efficient way possible. Encompass originates 850+ channels which includes capturing, processing and delivering over 25,000 hours of premium content per day from its eight facilities across four continents. Encompass has partnered with Ad-ID to integrate efficient media solutions to existing client practices. ECN provides commercial traffic, distribution and compliance services for 90 of the nation's top 100 advertisers and many more. Agencies create commercial instructions using ECN’s xml traffic website and connect directly to Ad-ID to retrieve commercial records from the Ad-ID registry, eliminating re-keying and human error. ECN delivers over 10,000 commercial instructions daily received through its xml traffic website and the major media buying systems, and is automating commercial scheduling through xml traffic delivery. Extreme Reach is a leading provider of cross-media video advertising solutions that span TV and digital video. The Extreme Reach platform integrates directly with the Ad-ID system to automatically import Ad-ID codes and other metadata, preventing errors and saving time. This document summarizes how the Extreme Reach integration with Ad-ID can significantly improve efficiency. Imagine Communications is one of the leading suppliers of fully integrated information processing systems for advertising and media buying communities, providing media software and networking solutions to media, broadcast, service provider, government and enterprise customers. Through integration with Ad-ID, Imagine Communications users can now export data directly out of the Ad-ID system without the need to manually re-enter data into Imagine Communications systems. Help documents are available here. isd performs media audits and benchmarks to help advertisers oversee their agency relationships and measure the correlation between media dollars spent and the actual level of media received. isd has implemented Ad-ID into the existing media, transactional and reporting workflows of advertisers and their agencies to better identify, track and measure advertising investments throughout the media lifecycle. Media Monitors gives producers of creative the ability to upload radio and TV spots and metadata to its servers providing a link to help insure spots run as desired by clients and talent. Participants and subscribers can track their radio and TV spots verifying that they ran properly. Mediaocean is the leading software platform provider for the marketing world. Its open traditional and digital media platforms empower businesses and professionals across the global marketing ecosystem with intelligent automation, efficiency, and flexibility in their workflow. Mediaocean users can now export data out of Ad-ID into Mediaocean without the need to manually re-enter data into Mediaocean’s Spectra. Help documents are available for Spectra DS and Spectra OX uploads. Metaglue makes tools that enhance digital media workflows with user metadata. These work with the Ad-ID digital slate to allow users to test, preview and create Ad-ID compliant material. The company’s MXFixerTM tool comes bundled with scripts for creating and testing Ad-ID-aware MXF files and queries the Ad-ID database directly to build the digital slate without re-keying. To download instructions on how to use MXFixer with Ad-ID, click here. Nielsen is an information and measurement company that measures and monitors what consumers watch and buy on a global and local basis. Nielsen and Ad-ID are collaborating to bring to market an efficient automated identification process that efficiently links ad campaigns with creative assets. RADCO media helps companies integrate existing production or media management solutions with the Ad-ID system. RADCO allows companies to maintain their existing systems while giving them access to the added benefits of Ad-ID. RSG Media uses data science to transform content, advertising, and promo inventories for media and entertainment companies. AdVant is a suite of yield optimization modules that significantly lowers liabilities, while generating new ad revenues for cable & broadcast networks. RightsLogic, is an end-to-end content life cycle management solution supporting the acquisition, production, licensing, planning, scheduling and financials around content management. Media Mantra optimizes cable and broadcast networks promo inventories by using proprietary, machine-learning algorithms to increase reach and convert more viewers using less inventory. RSG Media's Big Knowledge decodes audience behavior for radical insights, building competitive programming and hyper targeted advertising. RSG Media has long supported industry standards like EIDR & SMPTE that aim to uniquely identify content across the supply chain, ease integration, and enhance downstream reporting capabilities. By partnering with the Ad-ID community, as a software provider, we hope to continue this work, aiding the advertising community in the standardization of the advertising supply chain. RSG Media’s products are available on-premise and as software-as-a-service (SaaS). RSG Media is headquartered in New York with offices in London and India. Samba TV is a leading provider of audience powered advertising and analytics across all platforms. Founded in 2008, the company’s patented technology extracts viewership insights from social media, set-top boxes and connected devices. Hundreds of brands rely on Samba TV to connect their brand messages from television to digital devices, and understand the consumer journey from awareness-driving TV commercials to ultimate consumption of a product. Samba TV utilizes Ad-ID to ensure accurate and consistent metadata in our industry leading analytics solutions. For more information, follow @samba_tv on Twitter or Instagram. SpotGenie provides digital media services to the advertising, entertainment and broadcast industries. SpotGenie has integrated their ad management and delivery program with the Ad-ID platform, removing the possibility of duplicate codes. Spottraffic has been providing broadcast advertising asset management and distribution since 1977 and traffics over 200,000 spots per year. Spottraffic simplifies digital delivery processes and, through integration with Ad-ID, eliminates code and title errors. Telestream provides live and on-demand digital video tools and workflow solutions, including Telestream Switch, a media player that allows professionals to play, inspect and correct files. Switch now extracts and fully displays the Ad-ID metadata allowing for inspection of the metadata embedded in a file. Telestream’s Vantage TrafficManager automates the way TV stations move and manage advertisements and content. With Ad-ID integration, TrafficManager will utilize Ad-ID metadata, implementing it into Vantage’s existing MXF application and metadata support. Tylie is a broadcast advertising management and distribution company. The company’s 100% digital platform creates seamless communication and collaboration throughout the workflow and is now integrated with Ad-ID. The company’s tools – Tylie Spot Transfer and Tylie Viewpoint – assess the Ad-ID database, eliminating the possibility of code duplication while maintaining the integrity of the metadata. Watchwith allows broadcasters and cable networks to create and manage mobile, web, social and first-screen TV experiences that deliver timed content, commerce and advertising to the viewer. Ad-ID integration makes it possible for advertisers that utilize Ad-ID to easily manage and traffic creative assets to broadcast and cable network customers. Yangaroo is the developer of the Digital Media Distribution System (DMDS), which allows audio and video files to be distributed, managed and monetized. Integration with Ad-ID allows content owners and distributors to synchronize asset metadata either as part of the media upload or during the order/trafficking process. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> If you are heading into the Pacific, please consider connecting with Sea Mercy to provide much needed assistance to remote communities. Sea Mercy, with whom we helped coordinate assistance to cyclone ravaged Vanuatu, has published a report on their activities and planned expansion of services. They are reaching out to yachts looking to 'sail with a greater purpose' and have asked us to share their report with anyone who may be interested. They are primarily active in the Pacific. It's a worthy cause and we can vouch for their credibility. Follow the links below to learn more. </s>" <s> If you are heading into the Pacific, please consider connecting with Sea Mercy to provide much needed assistance to remote communities. Sea Mercy, with whom we helped coordinate assistance to cyclone ravaged Vanuatu, has published a report on their activities and planned expansion of services. They are reaching out to yachts looking to 'sail with a greater purpose' and have asked us to share their report with anyone who may be interested. They are primarily active in the Pacific. It's a worthy cause and we can vouch for their credibility. Follow the links below to learn more. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Take a look at the 2020 Acuras and see the color choices, interior options and newly designs for 2018. Study more from the guided tour here. Not like a lot of sleeker competitors, the 2020 Acuras requires no cargo-carrying compromises be made in response to a sloping roofline or an angled hatch eating into the available vertical house. For this evaluation 2020 Acuras EyeSight bundle of security options pre-collision braking, lane-retaining help, adaptive cruise control, and lane-departure warning. The 2020 Acuras with a bunch of mid-cycle modifications, probably the most noticeable of that are to its exterior. A brand new grille, entrance fascia, and headlight design highlight adjustments to the front of the automobile, while redesigned taillights are now illuminated by LEDs. Choosing EyeSight on Restricted and Touring fashions also brings to the desk automated high-beam headlights and reverse-automatic-braking, the latter of which may automatically cease the vehicle if it detects an imminent collision whereas reversing. Additionally, keyword added a faster steering ratio and extra soundproofing to the New 2020 Acuras Price. Thicker glass, an acoustically laminated windshield, added insulation, and improved door seals all help block exterior noise from the cabin. A snug journey, an elevated seating place, normal all-wheel drive, and accessible state-of-the-artwork safety know-how provide Subaru’s compact crossover with the characteristics sought by customers buying this class. For these choosing that engine, we’d suggest the handbook transmission; nevertheless, doing so means forgoing safety choices reminiscent of EyeSight and blind-spot monitoring. Whereas 2020 Acuras latest multimedia techniques, updated for 2016, are ergonomically sound and simple to make use of, the Forester continues to lack Apple CarPlay or Android Auto integration, and the graphic presentation appears dated. Find out the most recent images of New 2020 Acuras Price here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by autoadmin that saved in our collection. </s>" <s> Take a look at the 2020 Acuras and see the color choices, interior options and newly designs for 2018. Study more from the guided tour here. Not like a lot of sleeker competitors, the 2020 Acuras requires no cargo-carrying compromises be made in response to a sloping roofline or an angled hatch eating into the available vertical house. For this evaluation 2020 Acuras EyeSight bundle of security options pre-collision braking, lane-retaining help, adaptive cruise control, and lane-departure warning. The 2020 Acuras with a bunch of mid-cycle modifications, probably the most noticeable of that are to its exterior. A brand new grille, entrance fascia, and headlight design highlight adjustments to the front of the automobile, while redesigned taillights are now illuminated by LEDs. Choosing EyeSight on Restricted and Touring fashions also brings to the desk automated high-beam headlights and reverse-automatic-braking, the latter of which may automatically cease the vehicle if it detects an imminent collision whereas reversing. Additionally, keyword added a faster steering ratio and extra soundproofing to the New 2020 Acuras Price. Thicker glass, an acoustically laminated windshield, added insulation, and improved door seals all help block exterior noise from the cabin. A snug journey, an elevated seating place, normal all-wheel drive, and accessible state-of-the-artwork safety know-how provide Subaru’s compact crossover with the characteristics sought by customers buying this class. For these choosing that engine, we’d suggest the handbook transmission; nevertheless, doing so means forgoing safety choices reminiscent of EyeSight and blind-spot monitoring. Whereas 2020 Acuras latest multimedia techniques, updated for 2016, are ergonomically sound and simple to make use of, the Forester continues to lack Apple CarPlay or Android Auto integration, and the graphic presentation appears dated. Find out the most recent images of New 2020 Acuras Price here, and also you can get the image here simply image posted uploaded by autoadmin that saved in our collection. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> It’s said that through our lifetime, certain people and events will change the course of our lives. LifeREstyle has been that change for me. The tools and habits I’ve developed here will undoubtedly be used way into my senior years and I’m so thankful I was able to implement them so early on in my life. Since 2011 I’ve been suffering from Bipolar Disorder 1 and Schizoaffective Disorder along with a nutritional deficiency and self-sabotaging negative thought patterns. I’d been committed to various psychiatric hospitals in multiple states across the country many, many times, and had multiple run-ins with the police as a result of my mind conditions. I was put on over 1000 milligrams of medications that made me gain weight, dull my personality, and experience intense negative side effects. I was depressed, I was anxious, and I couldn’t always function properly at my job. I was sick of flipping out, going manic, spending all my money, having the cops called on me, and being locked away in psych wards while being pumped full of different medications. It was a sad, never ending cycle that I saw no escape from. My amazing, supportive and integrative doctor, Dr. Hyla Cass MD recommended a place for me to go and live, which would help me reshape, remold and rebuild my life. Over the course of 90 days, with the supervision and direction of my doctor, I was able to slowly titrate down the medication, until I was completely off of any kind of medication. It was an experience I will never forget. I had become a new man. I’ve never felt so light and free in my life until I completed the program with the utmost determination to conquer my condition. When I arrived at what would be my new home, from the very start we did morning exercise on the beach, which was so transformative to me. Being from Texas I had never experienced the beach like this. It was probably one of the most spiritual things I’ve ever done in my life. The team at LifeREstyle is out of this world. I felt, loved, respected, cared for, and most importantly inspired. I had so many worries and anxieties on what was the going to be my next step in life, and how I was going to live dis-ease free before entering the program. Being an aspiring writer, I never was able to get my thoughts together, until I was shown methods to initiating productivity for passion projects. The tools and people I’ve met in LifeREstyle will always be a part of me and I am forever grateful for having to been able to experience true health and healing. Being here has been the most humbling and transformative experience of my life, mentally, physically and spiritually. I’ve lost over 42 pounds, found a new positive direction in life, and have an astounding peace of mind and contentment. I strongly suggest that anyone who is tired of being caught in a negative cycle of life to please check out LifeREstyle. It changed my life, I’m positive it would change yours. I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder when I was 23 and have been struggling with mania and depression for 13 years. I have been searching for a way to fight back and stay stable that is not only safe and effective but also natural. I met Paul Huljich in 2015, and he personally coached me through the LifeREstyle Program – it is now an integral part of my life. I am stronger, clearer, and more stable than I have ever been and my friends, family, and even my doctor have noticed a positive change in my attitude and behavior. The LifeREstyle Program has given me the tools to take back control of my own life. It has even inspired me to go back to school so I can learn more about health, so that I can pass on what I have learned and help others to fight back and become the best version of themselves. doubt the veracity of what we know deep down to be true. At LifeREstyle, this inner knowledge became reality for me. possible. I learned that, in the face of the chaos of modern life, simple steps can be taken to counter stress and lead to a grounded and more fulfilling life. After living in several sober livings in the past few years, LifeReStyle came as a complete breath of fresh air, with the emphasis on fresh. As in fresh meals daily, a fresh attitude towards the residents and a fresh approach to overcoming our addictions. LifeReStyle allowed me to treat all of me, not just focusing on physical sobriety. I learned how nutrition, sleep, exercise, and attitude had a direct affect on my alcoholism, and I was shown a way of living that provided almost immediate results. Rather than doing chores and writing assignments all day long you can expect to take long walks on the beach, go to movies, play sports, and otherwise learn to enjoy life again. The staff is receptive rather than controlling and although there is a certain amount of structure to the program, the people who work there are always willing to take individual issues into consideration and make allowances where appropriate. I can’t say enough about this program, it worked wonders for me! </s>" <s> It’s said that through our lifetime, certain people and events will change the course of our lives. LifeREstyle has been that change for me. The tools and habits I’ve developed here will undoubtedly be used way into my senior years and I’m so thankful I was able to implement them so early on in my life. Since 2011 I’ve been suffering from Bipolar Disorder 1 and Schizoaffective Disorder along with a nutritional deficiency and self-sabotaging negative thought patterns. I’d been committed to various psychiatric hospitals in multiple states across the country many, many times, and had multiple run-ins with the police as a result of my mind conditions. I was put on over 1000 milligrams of medications that made me gain weight, dull my personality, and experience intense negative side effects. I was depressed, I was anxious, and I couldn’t always function properly at my job. I was sick of flipping out, going manic, spending all my money, having the cops called on me, and being locked away in psych wards while being pumped full of different medications. It was a sad, never ending cycle that I saw no escape from. My amazing, supportive and integrative doctor, Dr. Hyla Cass MD recommended a place for me to go and live, which would help me reshape, remold and rebuild my life. Over the course of 90 days, with the supervision and direction of my doctor, I was able to slowly titrate down the medication, until I was completely off of any kind of medication. It was an experience I will never forget. I had become a new man. I’ve never felt so light and free in my life until I completed the program with the utmost determination to conquer my condition. When I arrived at what would be my new home, from the very start we did morning exercise on the beach, which was so transformative to me. Being from Texas I had never experienced the beach like this. It was probably one of the most spiritual things I’ve ever done in my life. The team at LifeREstyle is out of this world. I felt, loved, respected, cared for, and most importantly inspired. I had so many worries and anxieties on what was the going to be my next step in life, and how I was going to live dis-ease free before entering the program. Being an aspiring writer, I never was able to get my thoughts together, until I was shown methods to initiating productivity for passion projects. The tools and people I’ve met in LifeREstyle will always be a part of me and I am forever grateful for having to been able to experience true health and healing. Being here has been the most humbling and transformative experience of my life, mentally, physically and spiritually. I’ve lost over 42 pounds, found a new positive direction in life, and have an astounding peace of mind and contentment. I strongly suggest that anyone who is tired of being caught in a negative cycle of life to please check out LifeREstyle. It changed my life, I’m positive it would change yours. I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder when I was 23 and have been struggling with mania and depression for 13 years. I have been searching for a way to fight back and stay stable that is not only safe and effective but also natural. I met Paul Huljich in 2015, and he personally coached me through the LifeREstyle Program – it is now an integral part of my life. I am stronger, clearer, and more stable than I have ever been and my friends, family, and even my doctor have noticed a positive change in my attitude and behavior. The LifeREstyle Program has given me the tools to take back control of my own life. It has even inspired me to go back to school so I can learn more about health, so that I can pass on what I have learned and help others to fight back and become the best version of themselves. doubt the veracity of what we know deep down to be true. At LifeREstyle, this inner knowledge became reality for me. possible. I learned that, in the face of the chaos of modern life, simple steps can be taken to counter stress and lead to a grounded and more fulfilling life. After living in several sober livings in the past few years, LifeReStyle came as a complete breath of fresh air, with the emphasis on fresh. As in fresh meals daily, a fresh attitude towards the residents and a fresh approach to overcoming our addictions. LifeReStyle allowed me to treat all of me, not just focusing on physical sobriety. I learned how nutrition, sleep, exercise, and attitude had a direct affect on my alcoholism, and I was shown a way of living that provided almost immediate results. Rather than doing chores and writing assignments all day long you can expect to take long walks on the beach, go to movies, play sports, and otherwise learn to enjoy life again. The staff is receptive rather than controlling and although there is a certain amount of structure to the program, the people who work there are always willing to take individual issues into consideration and make allowances where appropriate. I can’t say enough about this program, it worked wonders for me! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Grate the cheese, chop the red onion and pepper finely and add the chives. mmmmm... this is making me HUUUNNNGRRYYY! Thanks to Amanda for uploading this amazing recipe!!! Can't wait to try it. </s>" <s> Grate the cheese, chop the red onion and pepper finely and add the chives. mmmmm... this is making me HUUUNNNGRRYYY! Thanks to Amanda for uploading this amazing recipe!!! Can't wait to try it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Complete the online application. Please identify which type of volunteer service you are most interested in and the amount of time you are available. You will be contacted by phone or email within 3 business days by the Volunteer Coordinator. You will learn more about what opportunities are currently available. A background check will be initiated by CICOA. We work with sensitive data and provide services in client homes. For this reason, every volunteer must have a clean criminal record. Once the background check results come in, we will contact you about setting up an orientation. Orientations can be conducted in groups or individually in the office or in the community, depending on your circumstances. You will be placed in a volunteer assignment based on availability and your interest. We have a great many needs and flexibility of assignments. We can find an area to fit your needs. You are responsible to keep track of volunteer hours served. The Volunteer Coordinator will contact you at the end of the month to collect your volunteer hours and inquire about your progress/satisfaction with the assignment. Please include full First, Middle and Last name. How did you hear about CICOA? Please read the explanations below and check all boxes. I understand the sensitive nature of information I may receive as a result of my Volunteer experience and agree to follow CICOA’s policy on the confidential nature of certain client information. I agree to sign a Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement. *We require criminal background checks for all volunteers except those participating in seasonal group projects and Safe at Home. I understand that CICOA requires criminal history and/or driving record background checks for the purpose of evaluating me for a volunteer position. I understand that a background check is a consumer report which is covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The consumer report may include the following areas: verification of social security number, criminal history records, and motor vehicle records to include traffic citations and registration. I hereby authorize CICOA to obtain a Consumer Report, to verify information that I have voluntarily supplied. This authorization and consent shall be valid in original, on-line, fax or copy form. I certify that the information contained on this form is true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge. I also understand that any misrepresentation, falsification or omission of facts herein may be grounds for disqualification or separation. If a volunteer decision which adversely affects me is made based upon information obtained through a consumer report, I understand that I have the right to request a free copy of the report. If I dispute the information, I have the right to conclusively demonstrate the inaccuracy of the information. In consideration of the opportunity afforded me to participate in this Program, I hereby agree that I, my assignees, heirs, guardians, and legal representatives will not make a claim against CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions, or any of its affiliated organizations, or either of their officers or directors collectively or individually, or the supplier of any materials or equipment that is used in the project, or any of the other volunteer workers, for the injury or death to me arising from my participation in the project. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, I hereby waive and release any rights, actions, or causes of actions resulting from personal injury or death to me sustained in connection with my participation in the project. I certify that I am twenty-one years of age or over and hereby voluntarily and without compensation give CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions (the organization), its successors and assigns and those acting under its permission or upon its authority, the unqualified right and permission to reproduce, publish, circulate or otherwise use my name and/or likeness of me in which I may be included in whole or in part. I waive any right to inspect and approve the finished product or copy that may be used or the use to which it may be applied. This authorization and release covers the use of said materials in any published or broadcast form and any medium of advertising or publicity. I acknowledge that I have willingly agreed to serve as a volunteer for the CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions Volunteer Program. I have read this agreement and I fully understand its contents. I am aware that this is a release of all liability and a contract between me and CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions, and I sign it of my own free will. </s>" <s> Complete the online application. Please identify which type of volunteer service you are most interested in and the amount of time you are available. You will be contacted by phone or email within 3 business days by the Volunteer Coordinator. You will learn more about what opportunities are currently available. A background check will be initiated by CICOA. We work with sensitive data and provide services in client homes. For this reason, every volunteer must have a clean criminal record. Once the background check results come in, we will contact you about setting up an orientation. Orientations can be conducted in groups or individually in the office or in the community, depending on your circumstances. You will be placed in a volunteer assignment based on availability and your interest. We have a great many needs and flexibility of assignments. We can find an area to fit your needs. You are responsible to keep track of volunteer hours served. The Volunteer Coordinator will contact you at the end of the month to collect your volunteer hours and inquire about your progress/satisfaction with the assignment. Please include full First, Middle and Last name. How did you hear about CICOA? Please read the explanations below and check all boxes. I understand the sensitive nature of information I may receive as a result of my Volunteer experience and agree to follow CICOA’s policy on the confidential nature of certain client information. I agree to sign a Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement. *We require criminal background checks for all volunteers except those participating in seasonal group projects and Safe at Home. I understand that CICOA requires criminal history and/or driving record background checks for the purpose of evaluating me for a volunteer position. I understand that a background check is a consumer report which is covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The consumer report may include the following areas: verification of social security number, criminal history records, and motor vehicle records to include traffic citations and registration. I hereby authorize CICOA to obtain a Consumer Report, to verify information that I have voluntarily supplied. This authorization and consent shall be valid in original, on-line, fax or copy form. I certify that the information contained on this form is true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge. I also understand that any misrepresentation, falsification or omission of facts herein may be grounds for disqualification or separation. If a volunteer decision which adversely affects me is made based upon information obtained through a consumer report, I understand that I have the right to request a free copy of the report. If I dispute the information, I have the right to conclusively demonstrate the inaccuracy of the information. In consideration of the opportunity afforded me to participate in this Program, I hereby agree that I, my assignees, heirs, guardians, and legal representatives will not make a claim against CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions, or any of its affiliated organizations, or either of their officers or directors collectively or individually, or the supplier of any materials or equipment that is used in the project, or any of the other volunteer workers, for the injury or death to me arising from my participation in the project. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, I hereby waive and release any rights, actions, or causes of actions resulting from personal injury or death to me sustained in connection with my participation in the project. I certify that I am twenty-one years of age or over and hereby voluntarily and without compensation give CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions (the organization), its successors and assigns and those acting under its permission or upon its authority, the unqualified right and permission to reproduce, publish, circulate or otherwise use my name and/or likeness of me in which I may be included in whole or in part. I waive any right to inspect and approve the finished product or copy that may be used or the use to which it may be applied. This authorization and release covers the use of said materials in any published or broadcast form and any medium of advertising or publicity. I acknowledge that I have willingly agreed to serve as a volunteer for the CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions Volunteer Program. I have read this agreement and I fully understand its contents. I am aware that this is a release of all liability and a contract between me and CICOA Aging & In-Home Solutions, and I sign it of my own free will. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> What would you pay for a portable toilet rental company that offers you quality portable toilets, always on time delivery and pickup, reliable waste disposal services, and service with a smile? Here at Supreme Portable Toilet Rental within Bunola, Wyoming, you will get the highest degree of customer care and the most budget-friendly rates. Call us now for more info or to obtain a hassle-free estimate, we would be thrilled to hear from you! It's not hard to overlook the importance of portable toilet rental at events in and around the Bunola, PA region. To put it simply, whenever you are managing a large event, on-site bathrooms oftentimes can’t handle the quantity of traffic. This might lead to angry and frustrated guests which can be especially problematic if your event is meant to generate revenue. Let Supreme Portable Toilet Rental boost your revenue! Our expert staff at Supreme Portable Toilet Rental within Bunola, PA has produced a list of facts you should know about portable toilet rental. Should you have questions or concerns regarding portable toilet rental around Bunola, PA give us a call now, we’d be delighted to talk with you! It is always a great idea to talk about prices before getting too far into negotiations with any service-based business. By doing this you can make sure you and the company in question are comfortable with the terms of your agreement. At Supreme Portable Toilet Rental we're upfront and honest about our organization's rates and are always ready to give you a free price quote when you need it. If you're in Bunola, PA and you're looking for portable toilets, then give us a call right away! People rent our business' portable toilets within Bunola, PA for all sorts of reasons. Perhaps the most obvious is when an event has too many guests for the venue to deal with just the on-site toilets. In these scenarios, portable toilets can help reduce lines that might blight an otherwise enjoyable day. Portable toilets are also used often on construction sites and when contractors do residential renovations simply because they may not have ready access to a restroom. Then there are campsites that do not tend to have their own bathrooms and so can greatly benefit from portable toilets being close by. While we encourage you to place your order for portable toilets within Bunola, PA at least one month in advance, there are occasions when you may need them on little notice, such as in the instance of a natural disaster. Dependant upon inventory, we may have the ability to assist and can often provide our toilets on short notice, so contact us at 877-573-8840. </s>" <s> What would you pay for a portable toilet rental company that offers you quality portable toilets, always on time delivery and pickup, reliable waste disposal services, and service with a smile? Here at Supreme Portable Toilet Rental within Bunola, Wyoming, you will get the highest degree of customer care and the most budget-friendly rates. Call us now for more info or to obtain a hassle-free estimate, we would be thrilled to hear from you! It's not hard to overlook the importance of portable toilet rental at events in and around the Bunola, PA region. To put it simply, whenever you are managing a large event, on-site bathrooms oftentimes can’t handle the quantity of traffic. This might lead to angry and frustrated guests which can be especially problematic if your event is meant to generate revenue. Let Supreme Portable Toilet Rental boost your revenue! Our expert staff at Supreme Portable Toilet Rental within Bunola, PA has produced a list of facts you should know about portable toilet rental. Should you have questions or concerns regarding portable toilet rental around Bunola, PA give us a call now, we’d be delighted to talk with you! It is always a great idea to talk about prices before getting too far into negotiations with any service-based business. By doing this you can make sure you and the company in question are comfortable with the terms of your agreement. At Supreme Portable Toilet Rental we're upfront and honest about our organization's rates and are always ready to give you a free price quote when you need it. If you're in Bunola, PA and you're looking for portable toilets, then give us a call right away! People rent our business' portable toilets within Bunola, PA for all sorts of reasons. Perhaps the most obvious is when an event has too many guests for the venue to deal with just the on-site toilets. In these scenarios, portable toilets can help reduce lines that might blight an otherwise enjoyable day. Portable toilets are also used often on construction sites and when contractors do residential renovations simply because they may not have ready access to a restroom. Then there are campsites that do not tend to have their own bathrooms and so can greatly benefit from portable toilets being close by. While we encourage you to place your order for portable toilets within Bunola, PA at least one month in advance, there are occasions when you may need them on little notice, such as in the instance of a natural disaster. Dependant upon inventory, we may have the ability to assist and can often provide our toilets on short notice, so contact us at 877-573-8840. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> The public health problem of unnecessary Caesareans has been around for some time now. But only recently, with distrust in the healthcare system increasing, have Indian patients begun questioning needless surgeries vociferously. One now hopes that the medical community proactively and urgently initiates efforts (rather than being forced by public pressure) to offer more evidence-based birthing experiences, as these will also be highly positive steps in reaching out to a disconcerted society. Feminists and women’s rights organisations too need to take caesareans seriously, as clearly thousands of women are undergoing unnecessary major surgeries each year. They can perhaps start pressuring doctors and hospitals to publicly declare their C-section rates, as is being encouraged by the Leapfrog Group in the US.. </s>" <s> The public health problem of unnecessary Caesareans has been around for some time now. But only recently, with distrust in the healthcare system increasing, have Indian patients begun questioning needless surgeries vociferously. One now hopes that the medical community proactively and urgently initiates efforts (rather than being forced by public pressure) to offer more evidence-based birthing experiences, as these will also be highly positive steps in reaching out to a disconcerted society. Feminists and women’s rights organisations too need to take caesareans seriously, as clearly thousands of women are undergoing unnecessary major surgeries each year. They can perhaps start pressuring doctors and hospitals to publicly declare their C-section rates, as is being encouraged by the Leapfrog Group in the US.. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> On Monday 12th October a veritable plethora of inspiring women gathered at the Skylon restaurant at London's Southbank Centre to celebrate the Red Women of the Year awards, in association with Clinique, guests enjoyed a pre awards Taittinger Champagne reception. Now in their seventh year, the awards bring together people from a broad range of professions and different walks of life, from scientists to creatives, to celebrate the achievements of some of the most inspiring women of our time. Hosted by Gemma Cairney the guest list included Joely Richardson and daughter Daisy Bevan, Emilia Fox, Emily Watson, Gemma Chan, Holliday Grainger, Dame Kelly Holmes, Victoria Pendleton, Kelly Hoppen, Sophie Ellis Bexter, the Hemsley sisters, Sarah Solemani, Yasmin Le Bon, Donna Air, Phillippa Perry and Grayson Perry to name but a few. </s>" <s> On Monday 12th October a veritable plethora of inspiring women gathered at the Skylon restaurant at London's Southbank Centre to celebrate the Red Women of the Year awards, in association with Clinique, guests enjoyed a pre awards Taittinger Champagne reception. Now in their seventh year, the awards bring together people from a broad range of professions and different walks of life, from scientists to creatives, to celebrate the achievements of some of the most inspiring women of our time. Hosted by Gemma Cairney the guest list included Joely Richardson and daughter Daisy Bevan, Emilia Fox, Emily Watson, Gemma Chan, Holliday Grainger, Dame Kelly Holmes, Victoria Pendleton, Kelly Hoppen, Sophie Ellis Bexter, the Hemsley sisters, Sarah Solemani, Yasmin Le Bon, Donna Air, Phillippa Perry and Grayson Perry to name but a few. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> A lot of different octopus legs to follow on this PHS story. Here’s mine for today, a look at what got the province interested in examining the PHS books more closely — deficits caused, in part, by subsidies to the organization’s many social enterprises and its real-estate ventures, which were aimed at acquiring bits of land in order to build future social housing. Housing Minister Rich Coleman reminded me (as did Mark Townsend of PHS), by the way, that many non-profit housing organizations look like real-estate barons on paper, because the way the province organizes social housing is that it gets the non-profits to take out mortgages on the properties they are running and then it provides them with the money to make the mortgage payments. In addition, it had bought The Only at 20 East Hastings on its own and was paying a mortgage of $10,877 a month — a heavy load for a place generating no income. As my story notes, Mark Townsend had bought the building with a plan to redevelop it and the New Stanley together with social housing, offices and perhaps market condos. But the city froze all development applications in the area, forcing PHS to pay holding costs for that property for the last two years while waiting for the thaw. The four managers who left PHS will be getting eight weeks’ severance — far less than the 18 months that would be more the norm for people with 20 years’ experience, but likely more than some people think they should get. Inventive but money-losing social enterprises plus complicated real-estate ventures drove PHS Community Services into a deficit that prompted the province to scrutinize its books, the B.C. Housing Minister says. And while Rich Coleman says the province will likely hang onto the useful properties on which the Portland Hotel Society has mortgages, it is not prepared to keep pouring money into the social enterprises, which included a laundry service, a janitorial service, a beekeeping operation, a chocolate-making shop, and a café. PHS set up many of the businesses to provide employment for residents of the 1,000 units of housing it manages in the Downtown Eastside, many of whom have addictions and mental-health problems. PHS director Mark Townsend always said the ventures lost money, but his organization thought it was important to provide residents with meaningful but flexible work. But Mr. Coleman said that was wrong. “You can’t be robbing from the services they were paid to provide. Any cross-subsidization would be contrary to the operating agreement,” he said. A new board, headed by former Vancouver Foundation CEO Faye Wightman, and operations managers brought in by BC Housing and Vancouver Coastal Health – the two main sources of financing for PHS – will make the decisions about all of the operations, Mr. Coleman said. Mr. Coleman said PHS seemed to be doing well up to the 2010-2011 fiscal year. In spite of a special audit done in 2002, when the society’s bookkeeper died in the middle of the year and the books became a mess, he said there was no sign of problems after that. But when deficits started creeping up, the province took a longer look. It discovered the society, and especially four managers, were spending some of the money designated as an administration fee – about $2.5-million a year or nine per cent of its budget – on things that raised questions with the auditors, such as vacations for staff, trips by managers to international drug-policy conferences with stays at high-end hotels in London, New York, Vienna and elsewhere, restaurant meals and limousines. But those expenses did not appear to be driving the deficit, Mr. Coleman said. The financial statement that PHS’s auditors, EPR in Coquitlam, prepared for the March 31 year-end in 2013 was changed after a first filing showed an operational deficit of $2-million. A complex real-estate transaction made that into an apparent surplus of $4-million after the statement was revised. Essentially, the society exercised a 10-year-old option to buy the New Stanley building on Cordova, currently a shelter, for about $2-million from the City of Vancouver. Mr. Townsend said the city demanded PHS exercise its option just before the March 31 deadline, which had the society scrambling. In the end, it got the $2-million from developer Ian Gillespie, with whom PHS had plans to develop the New Stanley and another property it had acquired, the site of the historic Only Café. Since the New Stanley property was actually worth $9.5-million on paper, that made it appear that the society had gained money – thereby converting a deficit to a surplus. But the society was incurring debt from holding onto the Only Café site, because the city had suspended all development applications in the area while it worked on an overall plan for the Downtown Eastside. </s>" <s> A lot of different octopus legs to follow on this PHS story. Here’s mine for today, a look at what got the province interested in examining the PHS books more closely — deficits caused, in part, by subsidies to the organization’s many social enterprises and its real-estate ventures, which were aimed at acquiring bits of land in order to build future social housing. Housing Minister Rich Coleman reminded me (as did Mark Townsend of PHS), by the way, that many non-profit housing organizations look like real-estate barons on paper, because the way the province organizes social housing is that it gets the non-profits to take out mortgages on the properties they are running and then it provides them with the money to make the mortgage payments. In addition, it had bought The Only at 20 East Hastings on its own and was paying a mortgage of $10,877 a month — a heavy load for a place generating no income. As my story notes, Mark Townsend had bought the building with a plan to redevelop it and the New Stanley together with social housing, offices and perhaps market condos. But the city froze all development applications in the area, forcing PHS to pay holding costs for that property for the last two years while waiting for the thaw. The four managers who left PHS will be getting eight weeks’ severance — far less than the 18 months that would be more the norm for people with 20 years’ experience, but likely more than some people think they should get. Inventive but money-losing social enterprises plus complicated real-estate ventures drove PHS Community Services into a deficit that prompted the province to scrutinize its books, the B.C. Housing Minister says. And while Rich Coleman says the province will likely hang onto the useful properties on which the Portland Hotel Society has mortgages, it is not prepared to keep pouring money into the social enterprises, which included a laundry service, a janitorial service, a beekeeping operation, a chocolate-making shop, and a café. PHS set up many of the businesses to provide employment for residents of the 1,000 units of housing it manages in the Downtown Eastside, many of whom have addictions and mental-health problems. PHS director Mark Townsend always said the ventures lost money, but his organization thought it was important to provide residents with meaningful but flexible work. But Mr. Coleman said that was wrong. “You can’t be robbing from the services they were paid to provide. Any cross-subsidization would be contrary to the operating agreement,” he said. A new board, headed by former Vancouver Foundation CEO Faye Wightman, and operations managers brought in by BC Housing and Vancouver Coastal Health – the two main sources of financing for PHS – will make the decisions about all of the operations, Mr. Coleman said. Mr. Coleman said PHS seemed to be doing well up to the 2010-2011 fiscal year. In spite of a special audit done in 2002, when the society’s bookkeeper died in the middle of the year and the books became a mess, he said there was no sign of problems after that. But when deficits started creeping up, the province took a longer look. It discovered the society, and especially four managers, were spending some of the money designated as an administration fee – about $2.5-million a year or nine per cent of its budget – on things that raised questions with the auditors, such as vacations for staff, trips by managers to international drug-policy conferences with stays at high-end hotels in London, New York, Vienna and elsewhere, restaurant meals and limousines. But those expenses did not appear to be driving the deficit, Mr. Coleman said. The financial statement that PHS’s auditors, EPR in Coquitlam, prepared for the March 31 year-end in 2013 was changed after a first filing showed an operational deficit of $2-million. A complex real-estate transaction made that into an apparent surplus of $4-million after the statement was revised. Essentially, the society exercised a 10-year-old option to buy the New Stanley building on Cordova, currently a shelter, for about $2-million from the City of Vancouver. Mr. Townsend said the city demanded PHS exercise its option just before the March 31 deadline, which had the society scrambling. In the end, it got the $2-million from developer Ian Gillespie, with whom PHS had plans to develop the New Stanley and another property it had acquired, the site of the historic Only Café. Since the New Stanley property was actually worth $9.5-million on paper, that made it appear that the society had gained money – thereby converting a deficit to a surplus. But the society was incurring debt from holding onto the Only Café site, because the city had suspended all development applications in the area while it worked on an overall plan for the Downtown Eastside. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> I have been a Realtor since 2012 and really love helping clients buy and sell homes. I am professional, prompt, and friendly. I am known for my infinite patience when working with buyers. I work very hard for every client because my goal is that they become clients for life. I believe it is more important to be honest and ethical, which might mean I counsel my clients not to buy or sell a home. I continue to educate myself so that I can stay current with the changes that may affect my clients, and to make sure I am using and making available to my clients the best tools for today’s market. If you are buying or selling a home, let’s meet to talk about how I can help you. </s>" <s> I have been a Realtor since 2012 and really love helping clients buy and sell homes. I am professional, prompt, and friendly. I am known for my infinite patience when working with buyers. I work very hard for every client because my goal is that they become clients for life. I believe it is more important to be honest and ethical, which might mean I counsel my clients not to buy or sell a home. I continue to educate myself so that I can stay current with the changes that may affect my clients, and to make sure I am using and making available to my clients the best tools for today’s market. If you are buying or selling a home, let’s meet to talk about how I can help you. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Experiência de ensino: As an Insurance Manager I have trained many people to perform their roles in the company. I have also been involved in many voluntary programs including a Big Brother organisation and have mentored many people. I enjoy teaching others and providing them with new skills. Interesses: Travel, Culture, Languages, Sport, Music, Food, Wildlife, People! Educação: I have a 120 hour TESOL certificate and I am therefore qualified to teach English as a second language. </s>" <s> Experiência de ensino: As an Insurance Manager I have trained many people to perform their roles in the company. I have also been involved in many voluntary programs including a Big Brother organisation and have mentored many people. I enjoy teaching others and providing them with new skills. Interesses: Travel, Culture, Languages, Sport, Music, Food, Wildlife, People! Educação: I have a 120 hour TESOL certificate and I am therefore qualified to teach English as a second language. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Play On Words Season 3 Trailer! This episode features Jeeves and Wooster in The Aunt and the Sluggard. Gerald and Margery show their softer side with the Host. CFUV's poetry correspondent finds a new life passion. This episode was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the finale of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Our Host figures out a way to deal with Gerald and Margery. Gerald and Margery make a friend with the Play On Words tech. CFUV's poetry correspondent loses contact with the station. This episode was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Aviva Lessard, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode of Play on Words features another episode of Jeeves and Wooster. Gerald and Margery debate the existence of the Host. The Host continues to lose patience with the rest of the Play on Words crew. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the continuation of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Margery worries about Gerald's senile state. CFUV's Poetry correspondent finds a new way to entice pedestrians to make up a poem. This episode features another episode of Jeeves and Wooster's misadventures. Gerald explains to Margery how he continues to feel young. CFUV's Poetry correspondent has a run-in with a seagull. This episode of Play On Words features a piece of sound art performed by Laurel Adam, and the continuation of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Gerald attempts to remember a serious question he has for Margery. CFUV's Poetry Correspondent speaks to an eager downtown poet. Play On Words is produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Kavan Hammond, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. This program is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the first in a series of radio dramas starring Bertie Wooster and his valet, Jeeves. Gerald and Margery begin to bring in their own snacks. Our poet correspondent speaks with a hesitant pedestrian. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Kavan Hammond, Bronwyn Lawrence, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at the Victoria Arts Council, and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features sound art by Laurel Adam and the beginning of CFUV's Radio Drama, A Woman of No Importance. Gerald and Margery give some advice to a young woman in need. Play On Words's correspondent heads downtown to find someone to make up a poem on the spot. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Reed Eckhert, Myles Sauer, Laurel Adam, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at Victoria Arts Council, and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. CFUV correspondents Laurel and Georges spent a day capturing sound at the inner harbour, and then they made it into a song. This is a clip of the end result. Play On Words premieres this March. To hear more stories like these, subscribe to Play On Words wherever you get your podcasts. Support for this program comes from the Community Radio Fund of Canada. </s>" <s> Play On Words Season 3 Trailer! This episode features Jeeves and Wooster in The Aunt and the Sluggard. Gerald and Margery show their softer side with the Host. CFUV's poetry correspondent finds a new life passion. This episode was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the finale of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Our Host figures out a way to deal with Gerald and Margery. Gerald and Margery make a friend with the Play On Words tech. CFUV's poetry correspondent loses contact with the station. This episode was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Aviva Lessard, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode of Play on Words features another episode of Jeeves and Wooster. Gerald and Margery debate the existence of the Host. The Host continues to lose patience with the rest of the Play on Words crew. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the continuation of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Margery worries about Gerald's senile state. CFUV's Poetry correspondent finds a new way to entice pedestrians to make up a poem. This episode features another episode of Jeeves and Wooster's misadventures. Gerald explains to Margery how he continues to feel young. CFUV's Poetry correspondent has a run-in with a seagull. This episode of Play On Words features a piece of sound art performed by Laurel Adam, and the continuation of Oscar Wilde's A Woman of No Importance. Gerald attempts to remember a serious question he has for Margery. CFUV's Poetry Correspondent speaks to an eager downtown poet. Play On Words is produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Kavan Hammond, Tyler Swagar, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. This program is made possible with the generous support of the Victoria Arts Council and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features the first in a series of radio dramas starring Bertie Wooster and his valet, Jeeves. Gerald and Margery begin to bring in their own snacks. Our poet correspondent speaks with a hesitant pedestrian. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Kavan Hammond, Bronwyn Lawrence, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at the Victoria Arts Council, and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. This episode features sound art by Laurel Adam and the beginning of CFUV's Radio Drama, A Woman of No Importance. Gerald and Margery give some advice to a young woman in need. Play On Words's correspondent heads downtown to find someone to make up a poem on the spot. This program was produced by Arcade Pallot, Jordan Baron, Annie Lepage, Tyler Swagar, Reed Eckhert, Myles Sauer, Laurel Adam, and Max Collins. Music in this episode is performed by Vic Horvath. Play On Words is made possible with the generous support of our friends at Victoria Arts Council, and the Community Radio Fund of Canada. CFUV correspondents Laurel and Georges spent a day capturing sound at the inner harbour, and then they made it into a song. This is a clip of the end result. Play On Words premieres this March. To hear more stories like these, subscribe to Play On Words wherever you get your podcasts. Support for this program comes from the Community Radio Fund of Canada. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> WP Project Manager Pro has some unique Integrations. This helps the users to connect WP Project Manager with third party applications to increase their productivity. You can easily manage the integrations from this page. </s>" <s> WP Project Manager Pro has some unique Integrations. This helps the users to connect WP Project Manager with third party applications to increase their productivity. You can easily manage the integrations from this page. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Ever since man first looked up at the sky, he was yearned to glide and soar like an eagle in the sky. Parasailing and Paragliding are indeed, experiences that combine the wonder of smooth sailing in the air and the thrill of soaring high above the ground. Once in the air, one may experience the ethereal serenity of the sport. It is an experience that is surprisingly, thrilling as well as becalming. Para gliding uses ""thermals' as the driving force, and is the closest one can get, to being a bird. In perfect weather conditions one can stay aloft for over three hours and can soar to heights more than 3,000m. One can paraglide or sail if one is in normal health and do not suffer from any disability that would prevent one from say, driving a car. And yes, one must be over15 yrs or have the consent of one's parent/ guardian and one's weight should be between 45 and 85 kgs. Garhwal is a Paraglider's and Parasailor's paradise. In the north one has the huge ramparts of the great Himalayas and in the south are the plains of the Terais. The unique geographical position of Garhwal provides excellent conditions for all grades of paragliding and parasailing, from beginners to intermediate and advance. The hot air coming from the Gangetic plains and the cold air from the hills creates excellent flying conditions. The climate of the region is also best suited for the purpose. The flying season spans September to December and then March to June. The GMVN Aerosports Centre is ideally located, in Dehradun. The Doon valley sandwiched between the Himalayas and Shiwaliks, with the Ganga and the Yamuna in the east and west respectively, is a perfect location for Aero Sports. All the facilities and infrastructure is in place to give sports lovers the ultimate experience of flying. The state-of-the-art infrastructure for both parasailing and paragliding is also available for the beginners who want to learn the sport. Certified instructors using the best and safest equipments provide instructions. It is an easy sport to learn, and one can go solo gliding the very second day! To reach the intermediate level it takes a minimum of seven days of flying i.e. about 25 sorties. The training courses conducted by GMVN include all the aspects of ground school time, basic & advance flying and special maneuvers. In the state of Himachal Pradesh there are numerous launch sites for professional as well as amateur fliers. Billing in the Kangra Valley of Himachal Pradesh is a fantastic location for hang-gliding and paragliding. It is also the most famous spot in the country where an international event takes place each year, bringing in paragliding enthusiasts from all over the world. The Dhauladhar range at 20,000 feet and the Kangra valley below create an ideal location for high altitude and cross-country gliding. This location is special because when you take off from the top, the fall is about one kilometre. An average flight, once you take off lasts an exhilarating 25-30 minutes. The GMVN Aero Sports center offers: Joy rides, training flights and flying expeditions. The parasailing courses are 2-day certificate courses leading to a learner pilot certificate or a basic pilot certificate. The center also offers package tours, which would include registration, training, food, accommodation, and local transport. Himachal Tourism sponsors training programmes and events at various times of the year, in different places. There is an Adventure Sports Hostel at Dharamsala and an Aero Sports Complex at Bir. For details of training facilities, contact sports associations, or the Divisional Tourism Development Officers of Himachal Tourism. Note: - The schedules are subject to uncertainties of weather, therefore please confirm your schedules before making any travel plans. </s>" <s> Ever since man first looked up at the sky, he was yearned to glide and soar like an eagle in the sky. Parasailing and Paragliding are indeed, experiences that combine the wonder of smooth sailing in the air and the thrill of soaring high above the ground. Once in the air, one may experience the ethereal serenity of the sport. It is an experience that is surprisingly, thrilling as well as becalming. Para gliding uses """thermals'" as the driving force, and is the closest one can get, to being a bird. In perfect weather conditions one can stay aloft for over three hours and can soar to heights more than 3,000m. One can paraglide or sail if one is in normal health and do not suffer from any disability that would prevent one from say, driving a car. And yes, one must be over15 yrs or have the consent of one's parent/ guardian and one's weight should be between 45 and 85 kgs. Garhwal is a Paraglider's and Parasailor's paradise. In the north one has the huge ramparts of the great Himalayas and in the south are the plains of the Terais. The unique geographical position of Garhwal provides excellent conditions for all grades of paragliding and parasailing, from beginners to intermediate and advance. The hot air coming from the Gangetic plains and the cold air from the hills creates excellent flying conditions. The climate of the region is also best suited for the purpose. The flying season spans September to December and then March to June. The GMVN Aerosports Centre is ideally located, in Dehradun. The Doon valley sandwiched between the Himalayas and Shiwaliks, with the Ganga and the Yamuna in the east and west respectively, is a perfect location for Aero Sports. All the facilities and infrastructure is in place to give sports lovers the ultimate experience of flying. The state-of-the-art infrastructure for both parasailing and paragliding is also available for the beginners who want to learn the sport. Certified instructors using the best and safest equipments provide instructions. It is an easy sport to learn, and one can go solo gliding the very second day! To reach the intermediate level it takes a minimum of seven days of flying i.e. about 25 sorties. The training courses conducted by GMVN include all the aspects of ground school time, basic & advance flying and special maneuvers. In the state of Himachal Pradesh there are numerous launch sites for professional as well as amateur fliers. Billing in the Kangra Valley of Himachal Pradesh is a fantastic location for hang-gliding and paragliding. It is also the most famous spot in the country where an international event takes place each year, bringing in paragliding enthusiasts from all over the world. The Dhauladhar range at 20,000 feet and the Kangra valley below create an ideal location for high altitude and cross-country gliding. This location is special because when you take off from the top, the fall is about one kilometre. An average flight, once you take off lasts an exhilarating 25-30 minutes. The GMVN Aero Sports center offers: Joy rides, training flights and flying expeditions. The parasailing courses are 2-day certificate courses leading to a learner pilot certificate or a basic pilot certificate. The center also offers package tours, which would include registration, training, food, accommodation, and local transport. Himachal Tourism sponsors training programmes and events at various times of the year, in different places. There is an Adventure Sports Hostel at Dharamsala and an Aero Sports Complex at Bir. For details of training facilities, contact sports associations, or the Divisional Tourism Development Officers of Himachal Tourism. Note: - The schedules are subject to uncertainties of weather, therefore please confirm your schedules before making any travel plans. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Pumpkin the Farm Cat Gets Frisky – in his own Way. It was a shocking day in the yurt! PUMPKIN the Farm cat came out to play – and he was one frisky cat. He rarely shows his furry face during the day; he’s generally hiding somewhere. Today I came out into the living room and he was sprawled on the floor and he rolled over on his back.... ...he squawked and squawked. He wanted his belly rubbed! Pumpkin doesn’t really meow, he more meo-OWKs. So of course I rubbed his fat belly. He does love to have it rubbed. He is a silly boy. When I was done I went and sat down and then I heard these strange noises from behind the hubby’s chair. Pumpkin had gotten a toy out of the cat toy basket! I don’t think he’d ever done that before. I watched him play with the catnip jelly bean for a bit and then I got the wand toy. I figured, what the heck! He was a wand playing fool! Well, from the floor anyway. Pumpkin never really exerts himself. He swatted, he batted, he gnawed and he chewed but he did it all without getting up from the floor! He is a character! But it was fun to have him actually play. And it was fun to play with him. He did finally sit up and attacked some more. He was still in the same spot on the floor mind you. He then let me know he was tired of all of this “hard work.” He just sat and stared at me and completely ignored the wand toy. I figured it out but was happy for the few minutes he gave me. This was, I think, only the second time I can remember Pumpkin playing like this in all of the years he has been with me. I’m not kidding when I say he is shy and he hides. This is why I am so excited that this happened today. My Pumpkin is not a very social boy so I revel when I get these little moments of interaction. </s>" <s> Pumpkin the Farm Cat Gets Frisky – in his own Way. It was a shocking day in the yurt! PUMPKIN the Farm cat came out to play – and he was one frisky cat. He rarely shows his furry face during the day; he’s generally hiding somewhere. Today I came out into the living room and he was sprawled on the floor and he rolled over on his back.... ...he squawked and squawked. He wanted his belly rubbed! Pumpkin doesn’t really meow, he more meo-OWKs. So of course I rubbed his fat belly. He does love to have it rubbed. He is a silly boy. When I was done I went and sat down and then I heard these strange noises from behind the hubby’s chair. Pumpkin had gotten a toy out of the cat toy basket! I don’t think he’d ever done that before. I watched him play with the catnip jelly bean for a bit and then I got the wand toy. I figured, what the heck! He was a wand playing fool! Well, from the floor anyway. Pumpkin never really exerts himself. He swatted, he batted, he gnawed and he chewed but he did it all without getting up from the floor! He is a character! But it was fun to have him actually play. And it was fun to play with him. He did finally sit up and attacked some more. He was still in the same spot on the floor mind you. He then let me know he was tired of all of this “hard work.” He just sat and stared at me and completely ignored the wand toy. I figured it out but was happy for the few minutes he gave me. This was, I think, only the second time I can remember Pumpkin playing like this in all of the years he has been with me. I’m not kidding when I say he is shy and he hides. This is why I am so excited that this happened today. My Pumpkin is not a very social boy so I revel when I get these little moments of interaction. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Continued from ""The presence of Andreas Vesalius in Zakynthos (2)"" According to Theo Dirix, Belgian Consul to Greece and Vesalius enthusiast, there are other reminders on the island such as a painting in one of the local schools. On September 3rd, 2014, as part of the Vesalius Continuum meeting on Zakynthos Island, a new bronze statue was unveiled to celebrate the life and works of Andrea Vesalius and remember his death on Zakynthos. This statue is a representation of Vesalius’ style of depicting anatomy in his book “De Humani Corporis Fabrica Libri Septem” and is a “muscle man” mixed with the motif of the famous plate 20 of Book 1 that shows a skeleton musing over a skull. The statue also presents the Vesalius family coat of arms. The statue is the work of Richard Neave and Pascalle Pollier. Pascale Pollier, a biomedical artist specializes in face reconstructions and made a new bust of Vesalius based on the only known portrait of the great anatomist found on the pages of his immortal book “The Humani Corporis Fabrica Libri Septem”. The statue was unveiled in front of an international crowd of anatomists, medical historians, biomedical artists, and film makers. Following the ceremony a display of artistic works related to Vesalius was opened in the Zakynthos municipality. These are today the signs of the presence of Vesalius on Zakynthos. We know today that his body is interred in the cemetery of the church of Santa Maria della Grazie in Zakynthos. Sadly this church was destroyed twice in earthquakes and in 1953 was completely demolished along with 85% of the city. It was not rebuilt and now lies under the new, rebuilt city. One of the research papers presented at the 2014 Vesalius Continuum meeting has rediscovered the location of the church with great accuracy. The account of this paper and how I was able to find this geolocation will be presented in another article. </s>" <s> Continued from """The" presence of Andreas Vesalius in Zakynthos "(2)""" According to Theo Dirix, Belgian Consul to Greece and Vesalius enthusiast, there are other reminders on the island such as a painting in one of the local schools. On September 3rd, 2014, as part of the Vesalius Continuum meeting on Zakynthos Island, a new bronze statue was unveiled to celebrate the life and works of Andrea Vesalius and remember his death on Zakynthos. This statue is a representation of Vesalius’ style of depicting anatomy in his book “De Humani Corporis Fabrica Libri Septem” and is a “muscle man” mixed with the motif of the famous plate 20 of Book 1 that shows a skeleton musing over a skull. The statue also presents the Vesalius family coat of arms. The statue is the work of Richard Neave and Pascalle Pollier. Pascale Pollier, a biomedical artist specializes in face reconstructions and made a new bust of Vesalius based on the only known portrait of the great anatomist found on the pages of his immortal book “The Humani Corporis Fabrica Libri Septem”. The statue was unveiled in front of an international crowd of anatomists, medical historians, biomedical artists, and film makers. Following the ceremony a display of artistic works related to Vesalius was opened in the Zakynthos municipality. These are today the signs of the presence of Vesalius on Zakynthos. We know today that his body is interred in the cemetery of the church of Santa Maria della Grazie in Zakynthos. Sadly this church was destroyed twice in earthquakes and in 1953 was completely demolished along with 85% of the city. It was not rebuilt and now lies under the new, rebuilt city. One of the research papers presented at the 2014 Vesalius Continuum meeting has rediscovered the location of the church with great accuracy. The account of this paper and how I was able to find this geolocation will be presented in another article. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Sing-a-longs, discussion group, informative lectures, wonderful musical programs, holiday events, monthly theatre trips, and a great twice-a-week kosher lunch. The Jewish Community Center Senior Adult Club has been defined by a gathering of people who - while their age might make them eligible for senior discounts at the movies - act and feel young. Whatever you are looking for in a senior adult program, the JCC has something for you. For more information please contact Cheryl Yablon at 717-236-9555 ext. 3115. April 18 Programming note: Auditor General Eugene DePasquale will be joining the Harrisburg JCC’s Senior Adult Club to discuss his recent trip to Israel as well as some of his work as your Auditor General over the past six years. The discussion will include a Q&A section to allow for any questions on the trip or his work. </s>" <s> Sing-a-longs, discussion group, informative lectures, wonderful musical programs, holiday events, monthly theatre trips, and a great twice-a-week kosher lunch. The Jewish Community Center Senior Adult Club has been defined by a gathering of people who - while their age might make them eligible for senior discounts at the movies - act and feel young. Whatever you are looking for in a senior adult program, the JCC has something for you. For more information please contact Cheryl Yablon at 717-236-9555 ext. 3115. April 18 Programming note: Auditor General Eugene DePasquale will be joining the Harrisburg JCC’s Senior Adult Club to discuss his recent trip to Israel as well as some of his work as your Auditor General over the past six years. The discussion will include a Q&A section to allow for any questions on the trip or his work. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> The Delphine-D passport and ID travel document holder has been designed around the security of the ID card. The snug fit BRP / BID pocket opens inwards towards the passport ‘s spine to prevent the ID card from being accidentally dislodged if dropped. In order to remove an ID card from the passport cover, the passport must first be opened past 180 degrees to allo w the card to be slid over the passport’s inner spine. The secure pocket can also accommodate EHIC and NICOP/NADRA cards. Newer machine readable and biometric e-passports provide the data page located at the back of the passport to enable the data to be either electronically read via RFID or swiped through an OCR ( Optical Character Recognition ) reader. Often the passport data page is made from a rigid material. The Delphine-D Travel Document Cover has been designed with a shallow back page sleeve to allow passports with rigid back pages to be easily removed from the cover for easy inspection – frustrating the border control personnel is not something you want to do in any country! The Delphine-D Travel Document Cover dimensions fit all passports conforming to the International Standardisation – ISO/IEC 7810 ID-3 such as universal Machine Readable European Passports ( Delphine MRPs ) and all new Biometric / ePassports which include India, Russia, China, South Africa, Australia etc.. For the jet-setter or busy business man/woman, the The Delphine-D Secure passport and ID cover can hold two joined passports. </s>" <s> The Delphine-D passport and ID travel document holder has been designed around the security of the ID card. The snug fit BRP / BID pocket opens inwards towards the passport ‘s spine to prevent the ID card from being accidentally dislodged if dropped. In order to remove an ID card from the passport cover, the passport must first be opened past 180 degrees to allo w the card to be slid over the passport’s inner spine. The secure pocket can also accommodate EHIC and NICOP/NADRA cards. Newer machine readable and biometric e-passports provide the data page located at the back of the passport to enable the data to be either electronically read via RFID or swiped through an OCR ( Optical Character Recognition ) reader. Often the passport data page is made from a rigid material. The Delphine-D Travel Document Cover has been designed with a shallow back page sleeve to allow passports with rigid back pages to be easily removed from the cover for easy inspection – frustrating the border control personnel is not something you want to do in any country! The Delphine-D Travel Document Cover dimensions fit all passports conforming to the International Standardisation – ISO/IEC 7810 ID-3 such as universal Machine Readable European Passports ( Delphine MRPs ) and all new Biometric / ePassports which include India, Russia, China, South Africa, Australia etc.. For the jet-setter or busy business man/woman, the The Delphine-D Secure passport and ID cover can hold two joined passports. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Generally, I find myself praising the virtues of high materials and engineering quality every time someone asks me why I drive an ancient Volvo(s). I guess there are the additional reasons of wanting to drive something with some timeless lines (true style always stands the test of time!), ""personality"", and the personal security of being able to repair just about any failure that might occur myself (if any occur at all), as opposed to calling for a tow and then arranging for a loaner with the dealer. It's this same ability to resolve most problems that also makes you and your passengers wonder why you can't locate and repair a certain nagging front-end clunk in that car you're supposed to be in such tune with! After having replaced all of the suspension bushings, shocks, upgraded to ipd front and rear anti-sway bars, I was truly at a loss for an explanation why every road bump was accompanied by a sound of (it seemed like anyway...) something major in the front-end wanting to leave the company of the rest of the car. Then, as the departure date for a Hartford-Chicago trip came near, my eyes were opened when one of the front anti-sway bar mounts ripped out of the frame as I was slowly (honest) crossing the apron of a gas station. The ""saddle-bracket"" was of a tab and single bolt (early) style, whereby the tab would reside in a hole in the frame, hooking behind it, and the lone bolt would hold everything in place (Figure 1). This arrangement may have taken half as long to install at the time of manufacture, and may seem fine under steady state conditions, but is clearly not up to the task over the long haul or considered dynamically, since pounding caused by movement of the tab, is virtually guaranteed as the bushing flexes during suspension loading. Particularly, during one-sided suspension excursions such as cornering or bump, when the two ends of the bar move in opposite direction causing torsional flex of the bar. On the up going side, the mounting bushing is compressed, this results in momentary loss of contact between the tab and frame. As the tab makes contact again after the excursion, the resulting strike permeates the hole car! After about a zillion of these whacks, the tab and hole in the frame fatigue ala British Comet aircraft of the '60, and allow the tab to tear out (Figure 2)...luckily the Volvo doesn't fall out of the sky. Once this occurred, the source of the clunk immediately became clear. Quickly, I designed a permanent repair and scheduled an appointment at my local welder two days before the trip...but apparently my little fix-it job didn't represent enough of a potential profit, so that when the time came, they were ""busy"", which left me with a ripped apart suspension and pissed. I guess I wouldn't consider then for my next big job either! The pre-trip repair would consist of bending the tab back into shape and reassembling the mount with neoprene covering the tab as a clunk preventative (I wondered how long that would last...maybe Pennsylvania). Apparently, I avoided all of I-80's craters on the trip out because happily, the trip went without incident. I felt like Irv Gordon for a day! However, while out in the Chicago area (kinda reminded me of Florida with a gridwork of roads, but without the 3PM downpour - please excuse the oversimplification), I did manage to find a crater on a cloverleaf during a local excursion, and ripped the whole mess apart again. Great! Car problems 900 miles from home give me excess stomach acid...but a search of the yellow pages found (no kidding) Burner Welding in the area, and Tom over there had time right then, no appointment necessary. The fix that he suggested and implemented (Figure 3) is apparently a common fabricator's trick used to locate a captive nut into a blind (backside inaccessible) bulkhead. After modifying the saddle bracket to make it essentially a two bolt type, locating and welding the captive nut into place, the now upgraded anti-swaybar mounts (similar to later 122s...I guess Volvo figured it out too) were bolted in place - naturally with a dab of tinman. An hour, $40 plus a $5 tip for cool ones (helps with the welding fumes and dust!) later, the first 50 feet of driving without that nagging clunk was sort of the automotive equivalent of the first morning after a new firm mattress and next to when I first installed those wonderful ipd bars, quite possibly one of the most memorable moments in my motoring career! In looking back at this episode, whenever a Volvo develops a problem, it almost always communicates this to us...in this case with a clunk. It is up to us to perceive and interpret these communications. That clunk was the clue...I just couldn't figure out which part was communicating and a failure finally resulted. This communication is strangely absent on British cars. Hence, at one moment we might be happily motoring along, the next, looking for a place to safely pull over after something crumbles without warning. I'll stick to the Swedish way, thank you...sometimes I talk back. Sorry, but this is an old drawing made before I semi-retired my pencil. </s>" <s> Generally, I find myself praising the virtues of high materials and engineering quality every time someone asks me why I drive an ancient Volvo(s). I guess there are the additional reasons of wanting to drive something with some timeless lines (true style always stands the test of time!), """personality""," and the personal security of being able to repair just about any failure that might occur myself (if any occur at all), as opposed to calling for a tow and then arranging for a loaner with the dealer. It's this same ability to resolve most problems that also makes you and your passengers wonder why you can't locate and repair a certain nagging front-end clunk in that car you're supposed to be in such tune with! After having replaced all of the suspension bushings, shocks, upgraded to ipd front and rear anti-sway bars, I was truly at a loss for an explanation why every road bump was accompanied by a sound of (it seemed like anyway...) something major in the front-end wanting to leave the company of the rest of the car. Then, as the departure date for a Hartford-Chicago trip came near, my eyes were opened when one of the front anti-sway bar mounts ripped out of the frame as I was slowly (honest) crossing the apron of a gas station. The """saddle-bracket""" was of a tab and single bolt (early) style, whereby the tab would reside in a hole in the frame, hooking behind it, and the lone bolt would hold everything in place (Figure 1). This arrangement may have taken half as long to install at the time of manufacture, and may seem fine under steady state conditions, but is clearly not up to the task over the long haul or considered dynamically, since pounding caused by movement of the tab, is virtually guaranteed as the bushing flexes during suspension loading. Particularly, during one-sided suspension excursions such as cornering or bump, when the two ends of the bar move in opposite direction causing torsional flex of the bar. On the up going side, the mounting bushing is compressed, this results in momentary loss of contact between the tab and frame. As the tab makes contact again after the excursion, the resulting strike permeates the hole car! After about a zillion of these whacks, the tab and hole in the frame fatigue ala British Comet aircraft of the '60, and allow the tab to tear out (Figure 2)...luckily the Volvo doesn't fall out of the sky. Once this occurred, the source of the clunk immediately became clear. Quickly, I designed a permanent repair and scheduled an appointment at my local welder two days before the trip...but apparently my little fix-it job didn't represent enough of a potential profit, so that when the time came, they were """busy""," which left me with a ripped apart suspension and pissed. I guess I wouldn't consider then for my next big job either! The pre-trip repair would consist of bending the tab back into shape and reassembling the mount with neoprene covering the tab as a clunk preventative (I wondered how long that would last...maybe Pennsylvania). Apparently, I avoided all of I-80's craters on the trip out because happily, the trip went without incident. I felt like Irv Gordon for a day! However, while out in the Chicago area (kinda reminded me of Florida with a gridwork of roads, but without the 3PM downpour - please excuse the oversimplification), I did manage to find a crater on a cloverleaf during a local excursion, and ripped the whole mess apart again. Great! Car problems 900 miles from home give me excess stomach acid...but a search of the yellow pages found (no kidding) Burner Welding in the area, and Tom over there had time right then, no appointment necessary. The fix that he suggested and implemented (Figure 3) is apparently a common fabricator's trick used to locate a captive nut into a blind (backside inaccessible) bulkhead. After modifying the saddle bracket to make it essentially a two bolt type, locating and welding the captive nut into place, the now upgraded anti-swaybar mounts (similar to later 122s...I guess Volvo figured it out too) were bolted in place - naturally with a dab of tinman. An hour, $40 plus a $5 tip for cool ones (helps with the welding fumes and dust!) later, the first 50 feet of driving without that nagging clunk was sort of the automotive equivalent of the first morning after a new firm mattress and next to when I first installed those wonderful ipd bars, quite possibly one of the most memorable moments in my motoring career! In looking back at this episode, whenever a Volvo develops a problem, it almost always communicates this to us...in this case with a clunk. It is up to us to perceive and interpret these communications. That clunk was the clue...I just couldn't figure out which part was communicating and a failure finally resulted. This communication is strangely absent on British cars. Hence, at one moment we might be happily motoring along, the next, looking for a place to safely pull over after something crumbles without warning. I'll stick to the Swedish way, thank you...sometimes I talk back. Sorry, but this is an old drawing made before I semi-retired my pencil. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Cheapest an IP camera with IR, pan and tilt I've seen. It's a clone of the popular Foscam, can be wall mounted. View it from anywhere in the world over the internet from any device that has a browser. Which is also the reason to password protect it! One I bought a few years ago came in very handy to find out who was ripping my fence down, turned out to be the 9yr old asbo wannabe a few doors away. Top of the range, cutting edge technology makes this one of the best home security cameras around. Featuring motion detection that initiates recording, email alerts for when it senses movement and FTP upload, this camera gives you the control. MSN server and free factory DDNS. Supporting wireless network: Wi-Fi/802.11bg . Image frame rate: max 30fps. Image sensor: 300,000 pixcels CMOS. Night vision: 11 LED lights. Motion detection, email alert and FTP upload. CMOS CCTV camera with CMOS CCTV camera with 10 LEDs. Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into our garden. Lots of sheds being broken into round here. does the premises where the camera is need internet ? or just to watch it? you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to view what is going on. note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, rather than an internal rechargeable battery? the description says something about having a 1m cable? i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, ... i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, rather than an internal rechargeable battery? the description says something about having a 1m cable? Is it exclusively wireless or does it have a LAN socket as well? Never mind, I visited the link and saw the images showing it does indeed have the LAN socket. Where would it record to? The website pictures show what looks like an ethernet socket. hi, you can view from ANY device that has a browser, you just need to know what your home IP address is and type that into the address bar of the browser. The software mentioned allows you to configure the camera's settings and also view it without knowing it's IP address, but for devices without the software like your phone you can still see the camera by going to it's IP address. note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that ... note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam will prevent. As it is, the average scally will neither know nor care if there's a camera present. At best you'll be able to watch your premises being robbed. At worst, they'll nick the camera, too. If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam ... If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam will prevent.As it is, the average scally will neither know nor care if there's a camera present. At best you'll be able to watch your premises being robbed. At worst, they'll nick the camera, too. Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into ... Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into our garden. Lots of sheds being broken into round here. It's an indoor camera and not weatherproof. Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in range of their wifi and is waterproof(?) Or if they can film from a window of their house that meets those requirements. depending on your router this being only BG may slow all your high speed modern N devices down. Thanks for posting leeds85. Decided to give it a go as had some eBay credit and had looked at one of these in the past. Cheapest an IP camera with IR, pan and tilt I've seen. I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for cheaper than that! The camera I had before it, which looked a lot like this (like all the clones do), had much poorer picture quality and cost about £30. I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for ... I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for cheaper than that! The camera I had before it, which looked a lot like this (like all the clones do), had much poorer picture quality and cost about £30. They were £79.99 on the Argos site at one point as flang mentions. Archive.org captures a page from February 2013 - https://web.archive.org/web/20130220032315/argos.co.uk/m/s...htm (you'll need to copy the link rather than click it due to HUKD's redirect). yeah according to this here. I already have a couple of foscams and 720 webcams connected to my HP microserver running blue iris software and to be fair it really depends what the cameras are looking at as to how good the quality is. ie, 720 quality on my doorstep cam is overkill as vga quality is ample enough to obtain a clear face image due to the small field of view. Wow, can't believe people would have paid £80 for this! Yeah i did try and post a link but its gone for moderation which is strange considering ive been a member for 7 years! < ha its been approved now!! Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in ... Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in range of their wifi and is waterproof(?) Or if they can film from a window of their house that meets those requirements. Shipping is over 16 quid. Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight for any 5 year old reading these threads. wireless = wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), it does mean that a device which needs to be connected to the mains with a cable wire cannot be called wireless. (It can contain internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden). If you want an electrical/electronic device to be wireless, it has to be powered internally or through external sources such as solar, wind etc. So there's really no need to lol at people who think 'wireless' refers to devices with no cables dangling out of it. Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight ... Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight for any 5 year old reading these threads.wireless = wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), it does mean that a device which needs to be connected to the mains with a cable wire cannot be called wireless. (It can contain internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden). If you want an electrical/electronic device to be wireless, it has to be powered internally or through external sources such as solar, wind etc. So there's really no need to lol at people who think 'wireless' refers to devices with no cables dangling out of it. I can't help but jump in, just to be mischievous if nothing else:). You can't have it both ways. How come you get away with internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden,with your definition? Wireless= wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), this includes no internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden also. Come on....everyone knows what wireless means on an IP device. Don't they? Comes to £31.63 with their standard shipping to the UK. you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to ... you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to view what is going on.note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. Show me one on Amazon and I'll believe you. Pay a little extra and get the original Foscam, every now and then they are on promotion. I paid £39 for mine and worth every penny. </s>" <s> Cheapest an IP camera with IR, pan and tilt I've seen. It's a clone of the popular Foscam, can be wall mounted. View it from anywhere in the world over the internet from any device that has a browser. Which is also the reason to password protect it! One I bought a few years ago came in very handy to find out who was ripping my fence down, turned out to be the 9yr old asbo wannabe a few doors away. Top of the range, cutting edge technology makes this one of the best home security cameras around. Featuring motion detection that initiates recording, email alerts for when it senses movement and FTP upload, this camera gives you the control. MSN server and free factory DDNS. Supporting wireless network: Wi-Fi/802.11bg . Image frame rate: max 30fps. Image sensor: 300,000 pixcels CMOS. Night vision: 11 LED lights. Motion detection, email alert and FTP upload. CMOS CCTV camera with CMOS CCTV camera with 10 LEDs. Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into our garden. Lots of sheds being broken into round here. does the premises where the camera is need internet ? or just to watch it? you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to view what is going on. note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, rather than an internal rechargeable battery? the description says something about having a 1m cable? i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, ... i'm assuming, as it says it's wired, it's powered through a 13amp socket, rather than an internal rechargeable battery? the description says something about having a 1m cable? Is it exclusively wireless or does it have a LAN socket as well? Never mind, I visited the link and saw the images showing it does indeed have the LAN socket. Where would it record to? The website pictures show what looks like an ethernet socket. hi, you can view from ANY device that has a browser, you just need to know what your home IP address is and type that into the address bar of the browser. The software mentioned allows you to configure the camera's settings and also view it without knowing it's IP address, but for devices without the software like your phone you can still see the camera by going to it's IP address. note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that ... note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam will prevent. As it is, the average scally will neither know nor care if there's a camera present. At best you'll be able to watch your premises being robbed. At worst, they'll nick the camera, too. If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam ... If they are that good, you have far bigger problems that a little IP cam will prevent.As it is, the average scally will neither know nor care if there's a camera present. At best you'll be able to watch your premises being robbed. At worst, they'll nick the camera, too. Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into ... Argos clearance on EBay. Great product. Am looking at putting one into our garden. Lots of sheds being broken into round here. It's an indoor camera and not weatherproof. Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in range of their wifi and is waterproof(?) Or if they can film from a window of their house that meets those requirements. depending on your router this being only BG may slow all your high speed modern N devices down. Thanks for posting leeds85. Decided to give it a go as had some eBay credit and had looked at one of these in the past. Cheapest an IP camera with IR, pan and tilt I've seen. I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for cheaper than that! The camera I had before it, which looked a lot like this (like all the clones do), had much poorer picture quality and cost about £30. I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for ... I should hope they weren't - just bought a foscam ip camera with 720p for cheaper than that! The camera I had before it, which looked a lot like this (like all the clones do), had much poorer picture quality and cost about £30. They were £79.99 on the Argos site at one point as flang mentions. Archive.org captures a page from February 2013 - https://web.archive.org/web/20130220032315/argos.co.uk/m/s...htm (you'll need to copy the link rather than click it due to HUKD's redirect). yeah according to this here. I already have a couple of foscams and 720 webcams connected to my HP microserver running blue iris software and to be fair it really depends what the cameras are looking at as to how good the quality is. ie, 720 quality on my doorstep cam is overkill as vga quality is ample enough to obtain a clear face image due to the small field of view. Wow, can't believe people would have paid £80 for this! Yeah i did try and post a link but its gone for moderation which is strange considering ive been a member for 7 years! < ha its been approved now!! Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in ... Assume inside the shed could be ok for them, assuming it has power, in range of their wifi and is waterproof(?) Or if they can film from a window of their house that meets those requirements. Shipping is over 16 quid. Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight for any 5 year old reading these threads. wireless = wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), it does mean that a device which needs to be connected to the mains with a cable wire cannot be called wireless. (It can contain internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden). If you want an electrical/electronic device to be wireless, it has to be powered internally or through external sources such as solar, wind etc. So there's really no need to lol at people who think 'wireless' refers to devices with no cables dangling out of it. Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight ... Sorry bud, not having a go at you but we have to put the record straight for any 5 year old reading these threads.wireless = wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), it does mean that a device which needs to be connected to the mains with a cable wire cannot be called wireless. (It can contain internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden). If you want an electrical/electronic device to be wireless, it has to be powered internally or through external sources such as solar, wind etc. So there's really no need to lol at people who think 'wireless' refers to devices with no cables dangling out of it. I can't help but jump in, just to be mischievous if nothing else:). You can't have it both ways. How come you get away with internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden,with your definition? Wireless= wire ...less = no wires. Strictly speaking (and perhaps even common sense), this includes no internal wires through electric circuitry, hidden also. Come on....everyone knows what wireless means on an IP device. Don't they? Comes to £31.63 with their standard shipping to the UK. you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to ... you need WiFi where the camera is installed and internet of any type to view what is going on.note that is it possible for intruders to turn up with Wifi Jammers that easily render Wifi connected cameras useless. Show me one on Amazon and I'll believe you. Pay a little extra and get the original Foscam, every now and then they are on promotion. I paid £39 for mine and worth every penny. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The Palm Leaf Drop Earrings are a lovely, minimalist design that is great for easy, everyday wear. The sleek aesthetic of these earrings makes them a great choice for adding a touch of elegance to any style. Simple fish-hooks give these earrings nice movement when worn. The earrings are made of sterling silver, and measure approximately 4 cm long. </s>" <s> The Palm Leaf Drop Earrings are a lovely, minimalist design that is great for easy, everyday wear. The sleek aesthetic of these earrings makes them a great choice for adding a touch of elegance to any style. Simple fish-hooks give these earrings nice movement when worn. The earrings are made of sterling silver, and measure approximately 4 cm long. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Check out our Hott Top­per Gut­ter Pro­tec­tion sys­tem. This sys­tem pro­vides pro­tec­tion from all of the ele­ments this fall and win­ter has to offer! Never clean your gut­ters of leaves again in the fall and with the flip of a switch pre­vent snow from pil­ing on your gut­ters! The Hott Top­per helps elim­i­nate ice from form­ing on your gut­ters. Check out this YouTube video for more infor­ma­tion about Hott Topper. It’s almost time for pump­kins, chilly weather, haunted houses, and turkey! Fall is around the cor­ner. What a great time of year to pre­pare your home for the cooler weather and the falling leaves. Mar­shall can help with many of your upgrades to your home for the fall and win­ter months. Upgrade your shut­ters and wood­work trim. Replace your faulty and out­dated gutters. Place gut­ter shields or cov­ers on your exist­ing gut­ters. Update drafty win­dows and doors. Are we com­plet­ing your new roof instal­la­tion this fall? It is a great time of year for a new roof. Check out some of our work below. Cre­ate a warm out­door expe­ri­ence with a firepit, seat­ing and throws! Smores anyone? Review our lat­est reviews from Yelp! Check out some of our recent reviews from Yelp! We love to hear your thoughts. Be sure to check us out on Google, Yelp, Wash­ing­ton Con­sumer Check­book and Angie’s List! Try this tasty recipe for the com­ing fall! Easy and yummy. You are currently browsing the Marshall Roofing blog archives for September, 2017. </s>" <s> Check out our Hott Top­per Gut­ter Pro­tec­tion sys­tem. This sys­tem pro­vides pro­tec­tion from all of the ele­ments this fall and win­ter has to offer! Never clean your gut­ters of leaves again in the fall and with the flip of a switch pre­vent snow from pil­ing on your gut­ters! The Hott Top­per helps elim­i­nate ice from form­ing on your gut­ters. Check out this YouTube video for more infor­ma­tion about Hott Topper. It’s almost time for pump­kins, chilly weather, haunted houses, and turkey! Fall is around the cor­ner. What a great time of year to pre­pare your home for the cooler weather and the falling leaves. Mar­shall can help with many of your upgrades to your home for the fall and win­ter months. Upgrade your shut­ters and wood­work trim. Replace your faulty and out­dated gutters. Place gut­ter shields or cov­ers on your exist­ing gut­ters. Update drafty win­dows and doors. Are we com­plet­ing your new roof instal­la­tion this fall? It is a great time of year for a new roof. Check out some of our work below. Cre­ate a warm out­door expe­ri­ence with a firepit, seat­ing and throws! Smores anyone? Review our lat­est reviews from Yelp! Check out some of our recent reviews from Yelp! We love to hear your thoughts. Be sure to check us out on Google, Yelp, Wash­ing­ton Con­sumer Check­book and Angie’s List! Try this tasty recipe for the com­ing fall! Easy and yummy. You are currently browsing the Marshall Roofing blog archives for September, 2017. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> As a follow-up to the January 13 Deported from Kitsap presentation, the Social Justice Committee is collecting paperback, Spanish language books. Please put them in the pink bin under the table in the KUUF foyer, the same place where we collect clothes and food for KIAC. Immigrants can be jailed in Tacoma for months or even years awaiting a hearing, without ever having committed a crime. Let’s a least provide them something to read! Stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks. For reasons passing understanding, detainees may not be given hard cover books. Only paperbacks. </s>" <s> As a follow-up to the January 13 Deported from Kitsap presentation, the Social Justice Committee is collecting paperback, Spanish language books. Please put them in the pink bin under the table in the KUUF foyer, the same place where we collect clothes and food for KIAC. Immigrants can be jailed in Tacoma for months or even years awaiting a hearing, without ever having committed a crime. Let’s a least provide them something to read! Stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks. For reasons passing understanding, detainees may not be given hard cover books. Only paperbacks. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> A Venezuelan man in U.S. immigration custody in Etowah County who sued the federal government alleging he is not being served kosher meals wants a court to speed up his transfer because he has been assaulted in jail. Rafael Alberto Lloveras Linares Thursday filed the emergency petition asking a federal judge to expedite his request and grant a transfer. Linares claims he was assaulted in the Etowah County Jail by six detainees on May 5, just days after he submitted a court filing complaining he was in danger. The May 1 filing argued he was moved to an area with the most dangerous prisoners in ICE custody in Etowah County as retaliation for his lawsuit, which was filed April 21. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement division, ICE, contracts with Etowah County to house immigration detainees in the Gadsden facility. Linares' emergency petition alleges the assault by the six inmates left him with severe bruises and lacerations on his face, torso and arms. The filing informs the court he is waiting for the medical records from the incident. An ICE spokesman said he was checking into the alleged incident. An Etowah County Sheriff's Department spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Linares, who claims he is an Orthodox Sephardic Jew, has argued he is not being served kosher meals, a key part of his religious faith and practice. That denial, he contends, violates U.S. law. Federal law passed in 2000 calls for deference, where practical, to prisoner religious faiths and practices. The immigration service has a policy to make provisions for dietary restrictions for prisoners based on their religious traditions. Linares also asked that he be allowed to see a rabbi, observe the Sabbath and celebrate the Jewish holidays of Purim, Passover, Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur. Kosher meat processing in Alabama is not common and those who follow the dietary laws have to make special provisions at home or obtain meat from Atlanta or Nashville, experts said. Kosher tradition has some basic tenets, including the strict separation of milk and meat, no consumption of pork and no shellfish. Kosher butchery is also specialized, Jacobs said, with an eye toward a humane slaughter of the animal. That means using a knife that is not damaged, no use of blunt instruments and the complete draining of the animal's blood. Linares has asked to be transferred to a detention facility in Miami or Newark, N.J. where he can have a kosher meal provided by a ""Jewish catering service,"" according to Jewish traditions and federal standards. Linares has been in the custody of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency since July 31, 2010, after he was picked up for overstaying a tourist visa in 1995. He's been arrested and was shot while trying to elude sheriff's deputies in Broward County, Fla. He has applied for asylum more than once, arguing as a Jew in Venezuela his life would be in danger. In court filings, Linares claims his father and brother were killed in 2006 trying to defend the family's land by a mob urged on by then-President Hugo Chavez's call to expropriate land held by people politically opposed to Chavez. A federal magistrate who reviewed Linares' case recommended in January against his request to be released from federal custody. His record includes convictions for trespassing, driving with a suspended license and eluding law enforcement. The magistrate noted that Linares was ordered removed by an immigration judge in 2011 and Venezuela sent the necessary travel documents for his return. But, the court found that in November 2011, at the Miami International Airport, Linares refused to board the plane that would return him to Venezuela. He was transported to various airports on three more occasions, once in 2012 and twice more in 2013 and refused to board each time, the court said. The magistrate said Linares doesn't deny his refusal to board the plane and his refusal is based on the contention he will face religious and political persecution in Venezuela. </s>" <s> A Venezuelan man in U.S. immigration custody in Etowah County who sued the federal government alleging he is not being served kosher meals wants a court to speed up his transfer because he has been assaulted in jail. Rafael Alberto Lloveras Linares Thursday filed the emergency petition asking a federal judge to expedite his request and grant a transfer. Linares claims he was assaulted in the Etowah County Jail by six detainees on May 5, just days after he submitted a court filing complaining he was in danger. The May 1 filing argued he was moved to an area with the most dangerous prisoners in ICE custody in Etowah County as retaliation for his lawsuit, which was filed April 21. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement division, ICE, contracts with Etowah County to house immigration detainees in the Gadsden facility. Linares' emergency petition alleges the assault by the six inmates left him with severe bruises and lacerations on his face, torso and arms. The filing informs the court he is waiting for the medical records from the incident. An ICE spokesman said he was checking into the alleged incident. An Etowah County Sheriff's Department spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Linares, who claims he is an Orthodox Sephardic Jew, has argued he is not being served kosher meals, a key part of his religious faith and practice. That denial, he contends, violates U.S. law. Federal law passed in 2000 calls for deference, where practical, to prisoner religious faiths and practices. The immigration service has a policy to make provisions for dietary restrictions for prisoners based on their religious traditions. Linares also asked that he be allowed to see a rabbi, observe the Sabbath and celebrate the Jewish holidays of Purim, Passover, Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur. Kosher meat processing in Alabama is not common and those who follow the dietary laws have to make special provisions at home or obtain meat from Atlanta or Nashville, experts said. Kosher tradition has some basic tenets, including the strict separation of milk and meat, no consumption of pork and no shellfish. Kosher butchery is also specialized, Jacobs said, with an eye toward a humane slaughter of the animal. That means using a knife that is not damaged, no use of blunt instruments and the complete draining of the animal's blood. Linares has asked to be transferred to a detention facility in Miami or Newark, N.J. where he can have a kosher meal provided by a """Jewish" catering "service,""" according to Jewish traditions and federal standards. Linares has been in the custody of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency since July 31, 2010, after he was picked up for overstaying a tourist visa in 1995. He's been arrested and was shot while trying to elude sheriff's deputies in Broward County, Fla. He has applied for asylum more than once, arguing as a Jew in Venezuela his life would be in danger. In court filings, Linares claims his father and brother were killed in 2006 trying to defend the family's land by a mob urged on by then-President Hugo Chavez's call to expropriate land held by people politically opposed to Chavez. A federal magistrate who reviewed Linares' case recommended in January against his request to be released from federal custody. His record includes convictions for trespassing, driving with a suspended license and eluding law enforcement. The magistrate noted that Linares was ordered removed by an immigration judge in 2011 and Venezuela sent the necessary travel documents for his return. But, the court found that in November 2011, at the Miami International Airport, Linares refused to board the plane that would return him to Venezuela. He was transported to various airports on three more occasions, once in 2012 and twice more in 2013 and refused to board each time, the court said. The magistrate said Linares doesn't deny his refusal to board the plane and his refusal is based on the contention he will face religious and political persecution in Venezuela. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> I am so tired of ignorant people – friends, family, colleagues – who believe ostracism and extreme punitive behavior is the appropriate response to someone who has battled addiction and is in recovery. I am so tired of arrogant people – friends, family, colleagues – who enable addictive behaviors by ignoring the reality right in front of them yet act shocked and stunned with the addict relapses. I am so tired of anyone who doesn’t even try to understand what’s going on in the brain of someone battling addiction, someone in recovery, or anyone who is dealing with this terrible disease. People who do not understand #addiction often believe ostracism and extreme punitive measures will help a person in their recovery. NOTHING could be further from the truth. Do your homework. Jump down off your “I’m not an addict” pedestal. Go to an Al-Anon meeting. Then go again. Ask someone in recovery what will help them. Talk to a professional in the addiction recovery industry. Just, please, stop being ignorant and arrogant and enabling. Stop creating your own false reality of how things should be in recovery. It’s disgusting and disappointing. And some times even life-threatening. In other words, GET A GRIP...cuz honestly, you’re not all that. But an individual in recovery? They are...they are all that, and more. </s>" <s> I am so tired of ignorant people – friends, family, colleagues – who believe ostracism and extreme punitive behavior is the appropriate response to someone who has battled addiction and is in recovery. I am so tired of arrogant people – friends, family, colleagues – who enable addictive behaviors by ignoring the reality right in front of them yet act shocked and stunned with the addict relapses. I am so tired of anyone who doesn’t even try to understand what’s going on in the brain of someone battling addiction, someone in recovery, or anyone who is dealing with this terrible disease. People who do not understand #addiction often believe ostracism and extreme punitive measures will help a person in their recovery. NOTHING could be further from the truth. Do your homework. Jump down off your “I’m not an addict” pedestal. Go to an Al-Anon meeting. Then go again. Ask someone in recovery what will help them. Talk to a professional in the addiction recovery industry. Just, please, stop being ignorant and arrogant and enabling. Stop creating your own false reality of how things should be in recovery. It’s disgusting and disappointing. And some times even life-threatening. In other words, GET A GRIP...cuz honestly, you’re not all that. But an individual in recovery? They are...they are all that, and more. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> How IoT and Home Automation can Improve Our Daily Life? Home Automation, Smart Devices, Technology on our fingertips and AI are several trendy terms we hear almost everyday. But what do these actually mean and how the future is going change when these so called trendy terms actually get induced in our day to day lives are things very vast and complex to get our heads around. The Internet of Things or IoT puts all these into one platform and hence defining it generally is a redundant task. Broadly speaking, we can say that the Internet of Things is a concept of everyday objects – from industrial machines to wearable devices – using built-in sensors to gather data and take action on that data across a network. So it’s a building that uses sensors to automatically adjust heating and lighting or any task for that matter. Or production equipment alerting maintenance personnel to an impending failure. Simply put, the Internet of Things is the future of technology that can make our devices ‘smarter’ and lives more efficient. Waking up in the middle of the night because the fan was set at a higher speed but now you don’t want to leave your bed to switch it off. Imagine turning of the fan with one tap on your mobile phone right beside you. Or controlling the coffee-maker for the morning coffee with just one tap with no effort. IoT brings this level of comfort in your lives. With IoT, we are looking to create an ecosystem of connected devices, applications and several similar solutions to create an India-wide mesh of smart buildings, campuses, utility sites, fleet management systems, security and healthcare services. Overall our projections seem to scale the 50 million devices mark by 2022. The IoT is more than just a convenience for consumers. It offers new sources of data and business operating models that can boost productivity in a variety of industries. With everything that we use inter-connected, both making choices and acting on them becomes easier. From 20 billion devices today, the world will see 50 billion devices connected via the Internet of Things (IoT) by 2020, according to a report by Cisco. Also, the global IoT market is expected to grow from $655.8 billion to $1.7 trillion in 2020. Facilities like healthcare, retail, manufacturing, telecommunications and countless others have already adopted IoT in their functioning. Cloud storage, GPS systems in cars, personalised shopping experiences online e.t.c are vivid examples from our daily lives. The settling in of advanced technological substitutes in our life is so organic that by the time we have all our appliances in one chip we’d be highly accustomed to even notice the lack of effort we’d have sunk into. So, whilst Google is trying to build automated cars wherein all you have to do is sit back and relax (or be more productive) and Philips sets to bring in LiFi, which gives you an internet connection via light bulbs, an average Indian can hope for a luxurious yet highly productive standard of living in the coming years. </s>" <s> How IoT and Home Automation can Improve Our Daily Life? Home Automation, Smart Devices, Technology on our fingertips and AI are several trendy terms we hear almost everyday. But what do these actually mean and how the future is going change when these so called trendy terms actually get induced in our day to day lives are things very vast and complex to get our heads around. The Internet of Things or IoT puts all these into one platform and hence defining it generally is a redundant task. Broadly speaking, we can say that the Internet of Things is a concept of everyday objects – from industrial machines to wearable devices – using built-in sensors to gather data and take action on that data across a network. So it’s a building that uses sensors to automatically adjust heating and lighting or any task for that matter. Or production equipment alerting maintenance personnel to an impending failure. Simply put, the Internet of Things is the future of technology that can make our devices ‘smarter’ and lives more efficient. Waking up in the middle of the night because the fan was set at a higher speed but now you don’t want to leave your bed to switch it off. Imagine turning of the fan with one tap on your mobile phone right beside you. Or controlling the coffee-maker for the morning coffee with just one tap with no effort. IoT brings this level of comfort in your lives. With IoT, we are looking to create an ecosystem of connected devices, applications and several similar solutions to create an India-wide mesh of smart buildings, campuses, utility sites, fleet management systems, security and healthcare services. Overall our projections seem to scale the 50 million devices mark by 2022. The IoT is more than just a convenience for consumers. It offers new sources of data and business operating models that can boost productivity in a variety of industries. With everything that we use inter-connected, both making choices and acting on them becomes easier. From 20 billion devices today, the world will see 50 billion devices connected via the Internet of Things (IoT) by 2020, according to a report by Cisco. Also, the global IoT market is expected to grow from $655.8 billion to $1.7 trillion in 2020. Facilities like healthcare, retail, manufacturing, telecommunications and countless others have already adopted IoT in their functioning. Cloud storage, GPS systems in cars, personalised shopping experiences online e.t.c are vivid examples from our daily lives. The settling in of advanced technological substitutes in our life is so organic that by the time we have all our appliances in one chip we’d be highly accustomed to even notice the lack of effort we’d have sunk into. So, whilst Google is trying to build automated cars wherein all you have to do is sit back and relax (or be more productive) and Philips sets to bring in LiFi, which gives you an internet connection via light bulbs, an average Indian can hope for a luxurious yet highly productive standard of living in the coming years. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Bringing together over 5,000 musicians including high school students plus global artists, Generations in Jazz is a unique gathering of Australia’s most talented musicians, set against the picturesque backdrop of Mt Gambier on South Australia’s Limestone Coast. This annual, three-day jam session not only provides a stage for performers, but with a combination of clinics, concerts and scholarships on offer, it also represents an opportunity for our young stars of tomorrow to learn, share, listen and play an active role in furthering jazz in Australia and beyond. High School students from more than 125 schools across Australia will make their way to Mt Gambier to compete in the Stage Band Awards while individual Jazz and Vocal Scholarships are highly coveted. With daily concerts and award ceremonies at venues including the James Morrison Big Top Pavilion (seating over 6,000 people in the middle of a paddock!), the public will have a front row seat to see the next generation of jazz musicians along with their favourite legends of the industry. This year’s event from Thursday, 3 May to Sunday, 6 May, will be showcasing a host of celebrated local, national and international artists including The Cat Empire, James Morrison, Patti Austin and Shannon Barnett. KordaMentha Partner Mark Mentha is a proud supporter of Generations in Jazz and is Chair of the Generations in Jazz Board. Join Mark and thousands of other festival goers in May at Generations in Jazz. </s>" <s> Bringing together over 5,000 musicians including high school students plus global artists, Generations in Jazz is a unique gathering of Australia’s most talented musicians, set against the picturesque backdrop of Mt Gambier on South Australia’s Limestone Coast. This annual, three-day jam session not only provides a stage for performers, but with a combination of clinics, concerts and scholarships on offer, it also represents an opportunity for our young stars of tomorrow to learn, share, listen and play an active role in furthering jazz in Australia and beyond. High School students from more than 125 schools across Australia will make their way to Mt Gambier to compete in the Stage Band Awards while individual Jazz and Vocal Scholarships are highly coveted. With daily concerts and award ceremonies at venues including the James Morrison Big Top Pavilion (seating over 6,000 people in the middle of a paddock!), the public will have a front row seat to see the next generation of jazz musicians along with their favourite legends of the industry. This year’s event from Thursday, 3 May to Sunday, 6 May, will be showcasing a host of celebrated local, national and international artists including The Cat Empire, James Morrison, Patti Austin and Shannon Barnett. KordaMentha Partner Mark Mentha is a proud supporter of Generations in Jazz and is Chair of the Generations in Jazz Board. Join Mark and thousands of other festival goers in May at Generations in Jazz. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> As we mentioned in our last update, we’re launching a deep dive into all 7 Game Changers featured in our recent report. This month features the second game changer in the report: Building a Ubiquitous Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure. Today, Oslo is the world’s first mass market for electric vehicles. You will not find a higher density of electric vehicles (EVs) anywhere else in the world. More than 50% of all new cars sold in Oslo in 2017 were electric. In 2018, the number increased to more than 60%. This means that more than every second car sold is now an EV. The sales of EVs are skyrocketing. At the same time, sales of diesel and gasoline cars have dropped, and the sale of diesel cars is in a free fall, especially in the largest cities like Oslo and Bergen (less than 10%). Beginning in 2025, the goal is to sell only zero emission passenger cars and vans and become the world’s first zero emission city by 2030. A broad political settlement between all political parties and a synergistic interaction between the national government and the City created stability and consistency over time. The Norwegian government made the EVs affordable to buy, while the City made EVs affordable to use, practical and convenient. Even though Oslo has deployed more chargers per capita than most other cities, the numbers of chargers per EVs are falling behind because of the unexpectedly high growth of EVs. Securing enough chargers in a growing mass market is a major challenge. The challenge is enhanced by the fact that all passenger cars sold will be zero emission by 2025. The exponential growth of EVs also creates a historic window of opportunity. For the first time, we have a mature mass market of EVs that can help finance the urgently needed green shift in transportation. The solution is available to boost the deployment of chargers, but also to make the charging infrastructure smarter and more efficient. Construct new green mobility houses including electric car sharing, bicycle hotels, electric bicycles, electric scooters, and MCs etc. Starting in March 2019, Oslo will start to charge a small user payment to finance the green shift in mobility. The price for charging will be reasonable and low compared to diesel and gasoline prices. It will also give priority to residents and priority sectors like electric taxis and electric freight vehicles. The City expects that this revenue will be sufficient to finance the needed investments in additional charging infrastructure. Over 60% of Oslo’s citizens are living in apartments or townhouses in Oslo, not in detached houses and villas with private charging opportunities. This means that not everybody can charge at home, a common but serious challenge to a further electrification of transport in many urban cities. Private housing associations and housing co-operatives can apply for a grant covering up to maximum 20% of all needed investments in charging infrastructure on private ground, up to a limit of NOK 1 million (~ $117,613 USD). In 2018, more than 16,000 chargers in private housing co-operatives and associations have been financed. This is a substantial figure compared to the deployment of 600 new curbside/on-street chargers owned and operated by the City on a yearly basis. The sales of private EVs are skyrocketing. The sales of commercial electric vehicles, however, are still far from high enough. We need a substantial boost in sales of commercial EVs for taxi drivers, craft and service drivers, and freight if we want to meet our ambitious environmental goals. This is especially important because the use of commercial vehicles is expected to increase much faster than the use of private cars. Electrification of commercial vehicles is now the focus. In order to succeed with the electrification of commercial vehicles Oslo will create tailor-made solutions for different sectors in addition to more normal and quick chargers. New solutions include designated hubs for commercial vehicles, including high-performance DC quick chargers (150-350 kW), V2G and inductive charging etc., as well as well-designed support schemes for electric freight vans and taxis. The city also gives a grant of 50% of total investment cost for needed charging infrastructure for all craft and service drivers and owners of freight vehicles and taxis who want to switch to electric vehicles. To boost the sales of commercial electric vehicles Oslo has actively used its public procurement policy to demand/or favor zero emission freight deliveries of goods and services purchased by the City. The experience is promising and clear: environmental demands in public tenders do trigger development of new innovative green solutions for transportation of goods and services. Even if the numbers of electric commercial vehicles are far from satisfactory there are positive signs for vans and small freight and service vehicles. In 2018 we witnessed 2-digit sales figures for freight and service vehicles (12%) for the first time. Green taxes are working. People will make green choices if they can afford it. A green tax on petrol and diesel cars combined with tax exemptions for zero emission vehicles gives a double incentive to buy electric cars. The growth of EVs in Oslo has proceeded much faster than expected. A high national tax on the most polluting cars can balance the cost of tax exemptions for zero emission vehicles to balance the revenues. Home charging is equally important as public charging. Home charging is the cheapest and most convenient way to charge for EV users. The chicken and egg problem is solved. A ubiquitous public charging infrastructure is needed as a first mover and will create business opportunities and revenues for the private sector over time. To leave everything to the private market before a market has emerged equals too little, too late. EVs are important but only part of the solution. We also need clean public transportation, car sharing, cycling and pedestrians, etc., to solve the (zero emission transport) equation. Experience shows that it is possible to boost the sales of EVs and at the same time increase the use of public transportation, cycling and walking. All green solutions must be in focus simultaneously. The offers of new and interesting models are really picking up, and more and more OEMs are gearing up for the race. The technology is already available. Over 60% of all new cars sold in Oslo are now electric, either a battery electric (BEV) or a plug-in hybrid (PHEV). New models with longer range and a broader selection of models will increase the sales. More EVs on the global market will create economy of scale and eventually the production price for EVs will drop. The battery technology will improve with longer range and speed of charging, and the battery costs seem to be on a steep downward trend. We have only seen the start of the modern storage technology. The public chargers are getting cheaper, better and much faster (6 times faster). The on-board chargers in the cars are getting ready for the new high-performance DC chargers and the standards for AC charging are improving. The electric engine is already extremely energy efficient and cheap to produce, due to few movable parts and lesser complexity than the combustion engine. It is therefore expected that the electric engine will outcompete the far more complex combustion engine within 5-10 years. In the future you may have to subsidize diesel and gasoline engines if you want the combustion engine to survive. New players have emerged on the global scene that now have more experience with the electric vehicle technology than many of the traditional OEMs. Shared and autonomous mobility is on the rise and will increase the progress towards electrification of transport. New smart grid solutions, V2G and battery storage based on second-hand batteries can bring down the investment cost and operational cost for charging solutions. New user friendly innovations like inductive (wireless) charging, high-performance chargers (with 5-8 times higher speeds), machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) and user-friendly applications can increase the attractiveness of EVs. It is hard to predict the future, and even harder to be right. Today we have a historic opportunity to convert all vehicles to zero emission: private vehicles, commercial vehicles and public transport. We just need the right policy, public-private cooperation and the political and administrative resilience to succeed. New technologies will fuel the progress towards electrification, and experience indicates that things are often moving much faster than anticipated. The political willingness to use green taxes, regulations and other incentives to make the shift to put a price on pollution. Technology developments for vehicles, battery, chargers, autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence and intelligent transportation systems. Policies in major markets that foster EV sales and therefore economy of scale. Global price developments on fossil fuels like gasoline and diesel, etc. National and transnational cooperation including local government, national government and private businesses. Global cooperation and free exchange of examples and ideas. The development of sound business models that can help finance the green shift in the transport sector. A rapid and promising growth in large cities in California, China, Korea and Europe help to fuel the present optimism. The experience from Oslo shows that it is possible to boost the sales of electric cars and at the same time increase the use of public transportation, cycling and walking. It also shows that EVs work in a rough, Nordic climate and that a major shift could be just around the corner. The future is electric; the future is now! </s>" <s> As we mentioned in our last update, we’re launching a deep dive into all 7 Game Changers featured in our recent report. This month features the second game changer in the report: Building a Ubiquitous Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure. Today, Oslo is the world’s first mass market for electric vehicles. You will not find a higher density of electric vehicles (EVs) anywhere else in the world. More than 50% of all new cars sold in Oslo in 2017 were electric. In 2018, the number increased to more than 60%. This means that more than every second car sold is now an EV. The sales of EVs are skyrocketing. At the same time, sales of diesel and gasoline cars have dropped, and the sale of diesel cars is in a free fall, especially in the largest cities like Oslo and Bergen (less than 10%). Beginning in 2025, the goal is to sell only zero emission passenger cars and vans and become the world’s first zero emission city by 2030. A broad political settlement between all political parties and a synergistic interaction between the national government and the City created stability and consistency over time. The Norwegian government made the EVs affordable to buy, while the City made EVs affordable to use, practical and convenient. Even though Oslo has deployed more chargers per capita than most other cities, the numbers of chargers per EVs are falling behind because of the unexpectedly high growth of EVs. Securing enough chargers in a growing mass market is a major challenge. The challenge is enhanced by the fact that all passenger cars sold will be zero emission by 2025. The exponential growth of EVs also creates a historic window of opportunity. For the first time, we have a mature mass market of EVs that can help finance the urgently needed green shift in transportation. The solution is available to boost the deployment of chargers, but also to make the charging infrastructure smarter and more efficient. Construct new green mobility houses including electric car sharing, bicycle hotels, electric bicycles, electric scooters, and MCs etc. Starting in March 2019, Oslo will start to charge a small user payment to finance the green shift in mobility. The price for charging will be reasonable and low compared to diesel and gasoline prices. It will also give priority to residents and priority sectors like electric taxis and electric freight vehicles. The City expects that this revenue will be sufficient to finance the needed investments in additional charging infrastructure. Over 60% of Oslo’s citizens are living in apartments or townhouses in Oslo, not in detached houses and villas with private charging opportunities. This means that not everybody can charge at home, a common but serious challenge to a further electrification of transport in many urban cities. Private housing associations and housing co-operatives can apply for a grant covering up to maximum 20% of all needed investments in charging infrastructure on private ground, up to a limit of NOK 1 million (~ $117,613 USD). In 2018, more than 16,000 chargers in private housing co-operatives and associations have been financed. This is a substantial figure compared to the deployment of 600 new curbside/on-street chargers owned and operated by the City on a yearly basis. The sales of private EVs are skyrocketing. The sales of commercial electric vehicles, however, are still far from high enough. We need a substantial boost in sales of commercial EVs for taxi drivers, craft and service drivers, and freight if we want to meet our ambitious environmental goals. This is especially important because the use of commercial vehicles is expected to increase much faster than the use of private cars. Electrification of commercial vehicles is now the focus. In order to succeed with the electrification of commercial vehicles Oslo will create tailor-made solutions for different sectors in addition to more normal and quick chargers. New solutions include designated hubs for commercial vehicles, including high-performance DC quick chargers (150-350 kW), V2G and inductive charging etc., as well as well-designed support schemes for electric freight vans and taxis. The city also gives a grant of 50% of total investment cost for needed charging infrastructure for all craft and service drivers and owners of freight vehicles and taxis who want to switch to electric vehicles. To boost the sales of commercial electric vehicles Oslo has actively used its public procurement policy to demand/or favor zero emission freight deliveries of goods and services purchased by the City. The experience is promising and clear: environmental demands in public tenders do trigger development of new innovative green solutions for transportation of goods and services. Even if the numbers of electric commercial vehicles are far from satisfactory there are positive signs for vans and small freight and service vehicles. In 2018 we witnessed 2-digit sales figures for freight and service vehicles (12%) for the first time. Green taxes are working. People will make green choices if they can afford it. A green tax on petrol and diesel cars combined with tax exemptions for zero emission vehicles gives a double incentive to buy electric cars. The growth of EVs in Oslo has proceeded much faster than expected. A high national tax on the most polluting cars can balance the cost of tax exemptions for zero emission vehicles to balance the revenues. Home charging is equally important as public charging. Home charging is the cheapest and most convenient way to charge for EV users. The chicken and egg problem is solved. A ubiquitous public charging infrastructure is needed as a first mover and will create business opportunities and revenues for the private sector over time. To leave everything to the private market before a market has emerged equals too little, too late. EVs are important but only part of the solution. We also need clean public transportation, car sharing, cycling and pedestrians, etc., to solve the (zero emission transport) equation. Experience shows that it is possible to boost the sales of EVs and at the same time increase the use of public transportation, cycling and walking. All green solutions must be in focus simultaneously. The offers of new and interesting models are really picking up, and more and more OEMs are gearing up for the race. The technology is already available. Over 60% of all new cars sold in Oslo are now electric, either a battery electric (BEV) or a plug-in hybrid (PHEV). New models with longer range and a broader selection of models will increase the sales. More EVs on the global market will create economy of scale and eventually the production price for EVs will drop. The battery technology will improve with longer range and speed of charging, and the battery costs seem to be on a steep downward trend. We have only seen the start of the modern storage technology. The public chargers are getting cheaper, better and much faster (6 times faster). The on-board chargers in the cars are getting ready for the new high-performance DC chargers and the standards for AC charging are improving. The electric engine is already extremely energy efficient and cheap to produce, due to few movable parts and lesser complexity than the combustion engine. It is therefore expected that the electric engine will outcompete the far more complex combustion engine within 5-10 years. In the future you may have to subsidize diesel and gasoline engines if you want the combustion engine to survive. New players have emerged on the global scene that now have more experience with the electric vehicle technology than many of the traditional OEMs. Shared and autonomous mobility is on the rise and will increase the progress towards electrification of transport. New smart grid solutions, V2G and battery storage based on second-hand batteries can bring down the investment cost and operational cost for charging solutions. New user friendly innovations like inductive (wireless) charging, high-performance chargers (with 5-8 times higher speeds), machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) and user-friendly applications can increase the attractiveness of EVs. It is hard to predict the future, and even harder to be right. Today we have a historic opportunity to convert all vehicles to zero emission: private vehicles, commercial vehicles and public transport. We just need the right policy, public-private cooperation and the political and administrative resilience to succeed. New technologies will fuel the progress towards electrification, and experience indicates that things are often moving much faster than anticipated. The political willingness to use green taxes, regulations and other incentives to make the shift to put a price on pollution. Technology developments for vehicles, battery, chargers, autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence and intelligent transportation systems. Policies in major markets that foster EV sales and therefore economy of scale. Global price developments on fossil fuels like gasoline and diesel, etc. National and transnational cooperation including local government, national government and private businesses. Global cooperation and free exchange of examples and ideas. The development of sound business models that can help finance the green shift in the transport sector. A rapid and promising growth in large cities in California, China, Korea and Europe help to fuel the present optimism. The experience from Oslo shows that it is possible to boost the sales of electric cars and at the same time increase the use of public transportation, cycling and walking. It also shows that EVs work in a rough, Nordic climate and that a major shift could be just around the corner. The future is electric; the future is now! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> We have helped Pilkington protect various innovations in the field of glass and glazing. We have obtained patent protection for this company in respect of a special training aid that is useful in helping skiers train to find the ""sweet spot"" when balancing. It is recommended by both the British Alpine Ski and Snow School and the British Association of Snowsport Instructors. James Baxter is a Lancashire farmer, who is known for his engineering skills. We patented a special trailer invented by James that was designed for use on soft ground. This is the well known Swiss pharmaceutical and biotechnology company (also known as ""Roche""). We have represented Roche in many opposition and appeal proceedings before the European Patent Office. Shire specialises in seeking treatment for rare diseases. We have helped Shire to obtain protection for various therapeutic applications and compositions. We worked for many years with Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc. to obtain various patents in the field of gene regulation. TKT is now part of Shire. Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Inc. The Dana Farber Cancer Institute is one of our most long standing clients. We have obtained many European patents for the institute in respect of a wide range of cancer therapies. The Massachusetts eye and ear infirmary infirmary is a leader in treating unwanted choroidal neovasculature of the eye, which can be significant in certain cancers. We are pleased to have helped to expand its patent portfolio. We have helped Frank Sanderson and Paul Melici of Scomadi Ltd protect designs for motor scooters and have advised on trade mark matters. We have helped Gripaid Ltd to obtain patent protection for a glove that improves grip and has a wide range of applications including in sport, DIY and in therapy. We have provided consultancy on complex cases to many UK based firms, including D Young & Co, Barker Brettell, Syngenta, Mathys & Squire, etc. We also provide consultancy to a range of clients that do not have their own patent departments. </s>" <s> We have helped Pilkington protect various innovations in the field of glass and glazing. We have obtained patent protection for this company in respect of a special training aid that is useful in helping skiers train to find the """sweet" "spot""" when balancing. It is recommended by both the British Alpine Ski and Snow School and the British Association of Snowsport Instructors. James Baxter is a Lancashire farmer, who is known for his engineering skills. We patented a special trailer invented by James that was designed for use on soft ground. This is the well known Swiss pharmaceutical and biotechnology company (also known as """Roche"")." We have represented Roche in many opposition and appeal proceedings before the European Patent Office. Shire specialises in seeking treatment for rare diseases. We have helped Shire to obtain protection for various therapeutic applications and compositions. We worked for many years with Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc. to obtain various patents in the field of gene regulation. TKT is now part of Shire. Dana Farber Cancer Institute, Inc. The Dana Farber Cancer Institute is one of our most long standing clients. We have obtained many European patents for the institute in respect of a wide range of cancer therapies. The Massachusetts eye and ear infirmary infirmary is a leader in treating unwanted choroidal neovasculature of the eye, which can be significant in certain cancers. We are pleased to have helped to expand its patent portfolio. We have helped Frank Sanderson and Paul Melici of Scomadi Ltd protect designs for motor scooters and have advised on trade mark matters. We have helped Gripaid Ltd to obtain patent protection for a glove that improves grip and has a wide range of applications including in sport, DIY and in therapy. We have provided consultancy on complex cases to many UK based firms, including D Young & Co, Barker Brettell, Syngenta, Mathys & Squire, etc. We also provide consultancy to a range of clients that do not have their own patent departments. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> You can expect a lot from the 2019 CADILLAC XTS. It features an automatic transmission, front-wheel drive, and a refined 6 cylinder engine. A wealth of standard features means that you no longer have to sacrifice. Such as remote keyless entry, variably intermittent wipers, adjustable headrests in all seating positions, a built-in garage door transmitter, an automatic dimming rear-view mirror, automatic temperature control, turn signal indicator mirrors, and power front seats. Rear passengers enjoy the seat heating functionality, keeping them warm during the winter months. Audio features include an AM/FM radio, steering wheel mounted audio controls, and 8 speakers, providing excellent sound throughout the cabin. Side curtain airbags deploy in extreme circumstances, shielding you and your passengers from collision forces. This vehicle has achieved Certified Pre-Owned status, by passing a comprehensive certification process. We pride ourselves in the quality that we offer on all of our vehicles. Stop by our dealership or give us a call for more information. </s>" <s> You can expect a lot from the 2019 CADILLAC XTS. It features an automatic transmission, front-wheel drive, and a refined 6 cylinder engine. A wealth of standard features means that you no longer have to sacrifice. Such as remote keyless entry, variably intermittent wipers, adjustable headrests in all seating positions, a built-in garage door transmitter, an automatic dimming rear-view mirror, automatic temperature control, turn signal indicator mirrors, and power front seats. Rear passengers enjoy the seat heating functionality, keeping them warm during the winter months. Audio features include an AM/FM radio, steering wheel mounted audio controls, and 8 speakers, providing excellent sound throughout the cabin. Side curtain airbags deploy in extreme circumstances, shielding you and your passengers from collision forces. This vehicle has achieved Certified Pre-Owned status, by passing a comprehensive certification process. We pride ourselves in the quality that we offer on all of our vehicles. Stop by our dealership or give us a call for more information. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> The BICSc Annual Awards Dinner 2014 and Online Awards area dates are revealed.... The British Institute of Cleaning Science have confirmed that the BICSc Annual Awards dinner 2014 will take place on the 18th of September 2014 at the Forest Of Arden Hotel and Country Club, Birmingham. The event is the largest and most anticipated event in the Institute’s calendar with hundreds of cleaning and FM industry professionals in attendance from across the globe. The awards ceremony celebrates the outstanding excellence in accredited training and assessment. The event provides guests with a thoroughly enjoyable evening filled with dinner, entertainment and excellent networking opportunities with others in the industry. New Online Awards Area - Applying, Booking and finding information just got easier! This year BICSc want to offer guests the most user-friendly experience possible and will be introducing a dedicated online microsite area for everything related to the BICSc awards. Whether you want to apply for the awards, book tickets, view key dates, see last years winners or find out more about the judging process, this information will all be available from the BICSc website on the 21st of February. The BICSc team look forward to seeing you there! The British Institute of Cleaning Science (BICSc) is the largest independent, professional and educational body within the cleaning industry with over 6,000 individual and corporate members in the UK and internationally. </s>" <s> The BICSc Annual Awards Dinner 2014 and Online Awards area dates are revealed.... The British Institute of Cleaning Science have confirmed that the BICSc Annual Awards dinner 2014 will take place on the 18th of September 2014 at the Forest Of Arden Hotel and Country Club, Birmingham. The event is the largest and most anticipated event in the Institute’s calendar with hundreds of cleaning and FM industry professionals in attendance from across the globe. The awards ceremony celebrates the outstanding excellence in accredited training and assessment. The event provides guests with a thoroughly enjoyable evening filled with dinner, entertainment and excellent networking opportunities with others in the industry. New Online Awards Area - Applying, Booking and finding information just got easier! This year BICSc want to offer guests the most user-friendly experience possible and will be introducing a dedicated online microsite area for everything related to the BICSc awards. Whether you want to apply for the awards, book tickets, view key dates, see last years winners or find out more about the judging process, this information will all be available from the BICSc website on the 21st of February. The BICSc team look forward to seeing you there! The British Institute of Cleaning Science (BICSc) is the largest independent, professional and educational body within the cleaning industry with over 6,000 individual and corporate members in the UK and internationally. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> On Thursday 16th March CtS entered two teams into the Willow Tree SSP Basketball Competition. The 'B' had a tough draw and ended up playing all of their games back to back. They finished 1st in the category winning 6 with the loss of just 1 game. The 'A' team started of in a group of three with the victors progressing to play the winners of the other groups. They showed great determination to win both of their games and finish 1st in their group. This set them up with two tough fixtures against the winners of the other groups. After winning a feisty battle against Our Lady of Visitation, the team were back on court straight away against another strong opponent in Downe Manor. Buoyed on by earlier victories the team played well to make it four wins out of four, and took home the 1st place medals. This means that the 'A' team will go on to the Ealing borough finals in April to compete for a chance to represent Ealing at the London Youth Games. All children demonstarted outstanding sportsmanship and should be proud of themselves. </s>" <s> On Thursday 16th March CtS entered two teams into the Willow Tree SSP Basketball Competition. The 'B' had a tough draw and ended up playing all of their games back to back. They finished 1st in the category winning 6 with the loss of just 1 game. The 'A' team started of in a group of three with the victors progressing to play the winners of the other groups. They showed great determination to win both of their games and finish 1st in their group. This set them up with two tough fixtures against the winners of the other groups. After winning a feisty battle against Our Lady of Visitation, the team were back on court straight away against another strong opponent in Downe Manor. Buoyed on by earlier victories the team played well to make it four wins out of four, and took home the 1st place medals. This means that the 'A' team will go on to the Ealing borough finals in April to compete for a chance to represent Ealing at the London Youth Games. All children demonstarted outstanding sportsmanship and should be proud of themselves. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Covenant CNA School provides informative presentations that energize and empower students who are interested in exploring healthcare careers profession. High school graduates are embarking on a new chapter in their life, and Covenant CNA School can help you achieve your goals with our CNA classes. Our Certified Nursing Assistant program prepares you to work under the supervision of licensed healthcare professionals in performing nursing care and services for persons of all ages. They may be employed in home health agencies, hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, extended care facilities, and doctors’ offices. Georgia state registry as a Certified Nursing Assistant. </s>" <s> Covenant CNA School provides informative presentations that energize and empower students who are interested in exploring healthcare careers profession. High school graduates are embarking on a new chapter in their life, and Covenant CNA School can help you achieve your goals with our CNA classes. Our Certified Nursing Assistant program prepares you to work under the supervision of licensed healthcare professionals in performing nursing care and services for persons of all ages. They may be employed in home health agencies, hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, extended care facilities, and doctors’ offices. Georgia state registry as a Certified Nursing Assistant. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Read our trusted reviews about The Milkman E Liquid before you buy. Product Description: Imagine taking a warm fruity breakfast pastry, mixing it with a milkshake and vanilla ice cream. That is the Milkman in a nutshell, this is not your typical run of the mill simple one or two flavor juice. This is a mixology achievement of epic proportions, if you love a milky vape with plenty of complexity and Milkman that is worthy of touching your wicks then is the ejuice you want. </s>" <s> Read our trusted reviews about The Milkman E Liquid before you buy. Product Description: Imagine taking a warm fruity breakfast pastry, mixing it with a milkshake and vanilla ice cream. That is the Milkman in a nutshell, this is not your typical run of the mill simple one or two flavor juice. This is a mixology achievement of epic proportions, if you love a milky vape with plenty of complexity and Milkman that is worthy of touching your wicks then is the ejuice you want. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Published 04/20/2019 12:48:48 am at 04/20/2019 12:48:48 am in Antique Vanities. antique vanities antique vanity dark cherry carved accents hinged 3 panel mirror antique vanity chair pinterest antique vanity antiques and vanity handcarved s antique vanity chair solid oak by mmchiquita handcarved s antique vanity chair solid oak by mmchiquita paint black furnniture to paint in pinterest antique vanity vanity. antique vanity with bench picture of just good stuff conroe just good stuff antique vanity with bench, antique vanities for bedrooms bedroom vanities design ideas antique vanities for bedrooms bedroom vanities design ideas electoralcom, furniture black vintage makeup vanity lakeminnetonkaopenmicorg furniture wonderful black vintage makeup vanity antique black vintage makeup vanity , victorian makeup vanities makeup vanity antique vanity set makeup victorian , antique vanity table with mirror tuckr box decors how to paint antique vanity table with mirror, vintage makeup table antique vintage yr bedroom vanity makeup vintage makeup table antique makeup table antique makeup dresser best antique makeup vanities ideas on vintage vintage makeup table antique vanity , trifold vanity transformation a makeover to see prodigal pieces an antique vanity transformation by prodigal pieces wwwprodigalpiecescom prodigalpieces, antique bedroom dresser antique bedroom vanity antique bedroom antique , retro bathroom vanity using dresser as luxury ideas about antique retro bathroom vanity using dresser as luxury ideas about antique vanities on sink, white antique vanity with mirror dark antique desk turned light white antique vanity with mirror antique bedroom vanity with mirror antique white vanity table mirror white antique vanity , best antique white vanity set ideas on foter vintage custom painted vanity made to. </s>" <s> Published 04/20/2019 12:48:48 am at 04/20/2019 12:48:48 am in Antique Vanities. antique vanities antique vanity dark cherry carved accents hinged 3 panel mirror antique vanity chair pinterest antique vanity antiques and vanity handcarved s antique vanity chair solid oak by mmchiquita handcarved s antique vanity chair solid oak by mmchiquita paint black furnniture to paint in pinterest antique vanity vanity. antique vanity with bench picture of just good stuff conroe just good stuff antique vanity with bench, antique vanities for bedrooms bedroom vanities design ideas antique vanities for bedrooms bedroom vanities design ideas electoralcom, furniture black vintage makeup vanity lakeminnetonkaopenmicorg furniture wonderful black vintage makeup vanity antique black vintage makeup vanity , victorian makeup vanities makeup vanity antique vanity set makeup victorian , antique vanity table with mirror tuckr box decors how to paint antique vanity table with mirror, vintage makeup table antique vintage yr bedroom vanity makeup vintage makeup table antique makeup table antique makeup dresser best antique makeup vanities ideas on vintage vintage makeup table antique vanity , trifold vanity transformation a makeover to see prodigal pieces an antique vanity transformation by prodigal pieces wwwprodigalpiecescom prodigalpieces, antique bedroom dresser antique bedroom vanity antique bedroom antique , retro bathroom vanity using dresser as luxury ideas about antique retro bathroom vanity using dresser as luxury ideas about antique vanities on sink, white antique vanity with mirror dark antique desk turned light white antique vanity with mirror antique bedroom vanity with mirror antique white vanity table mirror white antique vanity , best antique white vanity set ideas on foter vintage custom painted vanity made to. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Microsoft will officially launch Windows Vista and Office 2007 November 30 in New York. InformationWeek is telling readers there are 100 Things You Must Know About Microsoft’s Most Important Product Launch Ever. That’s quite a stretch. Is Vista a step forward for Windows? By most accounts, yes. There’s a place in the world for Vista. The Windows XP code base is cluttered with megabytes of patches and bug fixes. By mid-2007, many businesses will surely embrace fresh, newly minted PCs with Windows Vista preinstalled. Everybody in the Windows world seemingly wants a fresh start. But the bigger story is what’s happening in the PC market right now. Shipments of U.S.-made PCs and related equipment plunged nearly 25% in October to the lowest level in at least 14 years, suggesting that the wait for Vista has undermined hardware sales for Dell, Hewlett-Packard and others, according to MarketWatch. The big winner in all this? Apple Computer. While the Windows world waits for Vista, some users apparently are making the move to Macintoshes. Indeed, Mac sales remain at record levels and Wall Street is more bullish than ever on Apple. That’s not to suggest that The VAR Guy doesn’t have room in his heart–or his budget–for Microsoft. On December 25, he expects to unwrap an Xbox 360. </s>" <s> Microsoft will officially launch Windows Vista and Office 2007 November 30 in New York. InformationWeek is telling readers there are 100 Things You Must Know About Microsoft’s Most Important Product Launch Ever. That’s quite a stretch. Is Vista a step forward for Windows? By most accounts, yes. There’s a place in the world for Vista. The Windows XP code base is cluttered with megabytes of patches and bug fixes. By mid-2007, many businesses will surely embrace fresh, newly minted PCs with Windows Vista preinstalled. Everybody in the Windows world seemingly wants a fresh start. But the bigger story is what’s happening in the PC market right now. Shipments of U.S.-made PCs and related equipment plunged nearly 25% in October to the lowest level in at least 14 years, suggesting that the wait for Vista has undermined hardware sales for Dell, Hewlett-Packard and others, according to MarketWatch. The big winner in all this? Apple Computer. While the Windows world waits for Vista, some users apparently are making the move to Macintoshes. Indeed, Mac sales remain at record levels and Wall Street is more bullish than ever on Apple. That’s not to suggest that The VAR Guy doesn’t have room in his heart–or his budget–for Microsoft. On December 25, he expects to unwrap an Xbox 360. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Land Of The Giants vintage lunchbox. 1968 vintage Land Of The Giants lunchbox. The price was quite reasonable but the lunchbox is covered with rust inside.. Wallpaper and background images in the Lunch Boxes club tagged: land of the giants vintage lunchbox.photos. </s>" <s> Land Of The Giants vintage lunchbox. 1968 vintage Land Of The Giants lunchbox. The price was quite reasonable but the lunchbox is covered with rust inside.. Wallpaper and background images in the Lunch Boxes club tagged: land of the giants vintage lunchbox.photos. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker have been feuding again on Twitter and it’s always (well, mostly) an entertaining watch. Today’s episode of ‘we follow them on Twitter so you don’t have to’ began when the Match of the Day man watched this and wondered aloud why it was okay to lie in politics when it’s trickier to get away with it elsewhere in life. Here’s what Lineker had to say. What can it possibly be? </s>" <s> Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker have been feuding again on Twitter and it’s always (well, mostly) an entertaining watch. Today’s episode of ‘we follow them on Twitter so you don’t have to’ began when the Match of the Day man watched this and wondered aloud why it was okay to lie in politics when it’s trickier to get away with it elsewhere in life. Here’s what Lineker had to say. What can it possibly be? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Handmade button art that will brighten up any room. Handmade button art that will brighten up any room. Approximate size is 8′′ x 8′′. Most orders will ship within 3-5 business days. Local deliveries can be arranged. Generally no returns accepted. If something is damaged during shipping please send photos of damage and packaging to creativethymes@outlook.com. </s>" <s> Handmade button art that will brighten up any room. Handmade button art that will brighten up any room. Approximate size is 8′′ x 8′′. Most orders will ship within 3-5 business days. Local deliveries can be arranged. Generally no returns accepted. If something is damaged during shipping please send photos of damage and packaging to creativethymes@outlook.com. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Favorite Saying: ""Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday (read it on a fortune cookie, so true, thought-provoking and uplifting)."" Favorite Music: Pop, rock, electronic, some classical- basically anything stunningly beautiful, or that you can dance to, or funny. Interests: Reading, crafts, watching too much TV, old movies- esp. comedic mysteries, cats & nearly all other animals, coins, music, puzzles & other things that make me think or laugh (or both). Happy New Year!!! Wishing you joy, peace and many blessings in 2015. Saying fond farewells: Goodbye Family Christian Store (especially the specific one I've been going to for years), NRT Blogs, and rest in peace Robert Osborne (whose commentary helped me learn to appreciate and love old movies). I hope April is less saddening. PS: Once I find a new place to continue my former NRT blog, I will let any readers who are interested know. Broken hearted, and looking for ways to make others in need happier. I challenge you to make someone else smile today- you never know how long since they last laughed. Love reading and learning, care greatly about animal welfare and conservation, and enjoy old fashioned things such as old time radio and reading physical books instead of ebooks. Loyal Whovian (my mind is bigger on the inside too), a fan of renewable energy, love to smile / laugh for clean, creative, and truly funny stuff. </s>" <s> Favorite Saying: """Today" is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday (read it on a fortune cookie, so true, thought-provoking and "uplifting).""" Favorite Music: Pop, rock, electronic, some classical- basically anything stunningly beautiful, or that you can dance to, or funny. Interests: Reading, crafts, watching too much TV, old movies- esp. comedic mysteries, cats & nearly all other animals, coins, music, puzzles & other things that make me think or laugh (or both). Happy New Year!!! Wishing you joy, peace and many blessings in 2015. Saying fond farewells: Goodbye Family Christian Store (especially the specific one I've been going to for years), NRT Blogs, and rest in peace Robert Osborne (whose commentary helped me learn to appreciate and love old movies). I hope April is less saddening. PS: Once I find a new place to continue my former NRT blog, I will let any readers who are interested know. Broken hearted, and looking for ways to make others in need happier. I challenge you to make someone else smile today- you never know how long since they last laughed. Love reading and learning, care greatly about animal welfare and conservation, and enjoy old fashioned things such as old time radio and reading physical books instead of ebooks. Loyal Whovian (my mind is bigger on the inside too), a fan of renewable energy, love to smile / laugh for clean, creative, and truly funny stuff. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> NIDA's Dr. Nora Volkow advocated for safer prescribing in a recent editorial. In a recent editorial, NIDA Director Dr. Nora Volkow advocates for safer opioid prescribing practices for pregnant women. Published on January 12 in the British Medical Journal, the article emphasizes event research that highlights the risks of prescribing opioids for both pregnant women and their unborn babies. The editorial underscores the importance of following good opioid prescription practices. Dr. Volkow also highlights the lack of scientific knowledge that must be respected in this critical situation. There is very little research available concerning the effects of opioids on fetal brain development. Given this lack of information, it would make more sense to play it safe as opposed to rolling the dice when so much is at stake. Emphasizing the known association of opioids with neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS, implies that the drugs should only be prescribed for short-term use for pregnant women in severe pain. If long-term use is unavoidable, such as for women in need of buprenorphine or methadone maintenance therapy for heroin addiction, then careful assessment and monitoring has to be in place to minimize the risk of overdose, NAS and misuse. </s>" <s> NIDA's Dr. Nora Volkow advocated for safer prescribing in a recent editorial. In a recent editorial, NIDA Director Dr. Nora Volkow advocates for safer opioid prescribing practices for pregnant women. Published on January 12 in the British Medical Journal, the article emphasizes event research that highlights the risks of prescribing opioids for both pregnant women and their unborn babies. The editorial underscores the importance of following good opioid prescription practices. Dr. Volkow also highlights the lack of scientific knowledge that must be respected in this critical situation. There is very little research available concerning the effects of opioids on fetal brain development. Given this lack of information, it would make more sense to play it safe as opposed to rolling the dice when so much is at stake. Emphasizing the known association of opioids with neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS, implies that the drugs should only be prescribed for short-term use for pregnant women in severe pain. If long-term use is unavoidable, such as for women in need of buprenorphine or methadone maintenance therapy for heroin addiction, then careful assessment and monitoring has to be in place to minimize the risk of overdose, NAS and misuse. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> One moment I am standing on this metaphoric mountain of joy. I feel like I’ve conquered all my demons and life is at an all-time high. A smile so big you can’t see my eyes. I laugh at myself for ever having worried. I feel so certain that I’ll never get off of this “high” on life. Why did I leave my comfortable job?! I can’t stand this heat! Why am I breaking out?! I’ll never find my hubby with this skin. Where’s the hidden stash of chocolate? Why am I being so emotional? Is this dramatic? Why did I ever agree to stop drinking?! Have you ever had those days that completely blindsided you? A moment where you felt you had conquered the world, just to realize seconds later how unstable you really were? This literally has been a preview of some of the more recent moments within the last months. Granted I’ve been doing some heavy inventory of my past, rehashing emotions, abandoning certain beliefs. While simultaneously acclimating to a drastic change (moving to Australia), and living on a rather tight budget and schedule. That’s when it hit me- I am purifying myself. I’m transitioning. I truly have been gifted with such a precious season of reflection, rest and discomfort. A season of spiritual and mental growth, of dreams, friends, and purpose. But being gifted with a season of growth means I’m having to actively give up comfort. My life has so drastically changed that I hate to admit, but sometimes I secretly still crave a cigarette. Even though I stopped smoking years ago. The craving is purely emotional, thinking I gave up every bad habit, and now need to balance out this cleanse I’m in. Going through a cleanse can be a Kickstarter. We cleanse our homes in the spring, we cleanse our bodies after the holidays but do we actively seek to cleanse our minds? Since moving to Australia, I have seriously downgraded! Everything from my clothing, to the books I have, to the car I drive. I never really understood the advantage of downgrading until moving here. But it’s made me less concerned with my appearance, it’s helped grow anticipation for things I really want/desire and it’s brought value back to the things that I have. On top of that, my room never looks cluttered, which has made my room a safe haven for me. My environment has changed drastically as well. My friends are all on a path of self-discovery and desiring to achieve their highest potential. This has really helped push me forward when I’m having a difficult day. They pick me up and help me continue my race even when I am throwing tantrums. So often I’ve felt alone in my journey of bettering myself, but here I have a plentitude of people that are on a similar journey as well. If you’ve been to Australia, you’d get the joke that we are 10 years behind in this country. Personally, I LOVE it! If I watch TV, which has been seldom, it’s rare that I’m bombarded with hyper-sexualized ads and the music I listen to is more often than not kid-friendly. You may be thinking that that’s incredibly boring. But honestly, it’s so refreshing. The media does influence our thoughts and behaviors. If you believe to be ugly and incredibly discontent with your looks- take notice of what you are watching and who you are comparing yourself with. If you believe this is a violent world- take notice of how much of the news you watch or read. It’s ridiculous to believe that media doesn’t have an influence on our thoughts and actions since psychology is a key component of the media. Ever drive faster or more reckless when listening to a particular song? Newsflash, they do alter your behavior. Mindfulness is an essential practice here. I want to be a responsible creator with my life who is mindful with how I impact others as well as myself. That means taking responsibility for my thoughts and feelings by selecting, shaping and being in tune with them. It’s a muscle that either gets used or lost. Mindfulness can be practiced by noticing if you are hungry or rather thirsty. What thoughts do I feed on and why? Was my response appropriate? Do I really mean what I say? These are just a couple of things I’ve noticed that have dramatically impacted me. I don’t recommend you do all at once. But pick one to focus on for a season and I promise you, you change your life positively. Ps: The picture is to represent the emotional and physical fatigue I go through while detoxing. Trust me, it’ll take you on a rollercoaster. I love your transparency and sharing your crave for a cigarette; then correlating it with an emotional reaction. I as well have quit smoking but sometimes find myself craving past behaviors when I feel like I’m losing “control”. Continue the journey. This is just the beginning and I am so excited to see you grow. </s>" <s> One moment I am standing on this metaphoric mountain of joy. I feel like I’ve conquered all my demons and life is at an all-time high. A smile so big you can’t see my eyes. I laugh at myself for ever having worried. I feel so certain that I’ll never get off of this “high” on life. Why did I leave my comfortable job?! I can’t stand this heat! Why am I breaking out?! I’ll never find my hubby with this skin. Where’s the hidden stash of chocolate? Why am I being so emotional? Is this dramatic? Why did I ever agree to stop drinking?! Have you ever had those days that completely blindsided you? A moment where you felt you had conquered the world, just to realize seconds later how unstable you really were? This literally has been a preview of some of the more recent moments within the last months. Granted I’ve been doing some heavy inventory of my past, rehashing emotions, abandoning certain beliefs. While simultaneously acclimating to a drastic change (moving to Australia), and living on a rather tight budget and schedule. That’s when it hit me- I am purifying myself. I’m transitioning. I truly have been gifted with such a precious season of reflection, rest and discomfort. A season of spiritual and mental growth, of dreams, friends, and purpose. But being gifted with a season of growth means I’m having to actively give up comfort. My life has so drastically changed that I hate to admit, but sometimes I secretly still crave a cigarette. Even though I stopped smoking years ago. The craving is purely emotional, thinking I gave up every bad habit, and now need to balance out this cleanse I’m in. Going through a cleanse can be a Kickstarter. We cleanse our homes in the spring, we cleanse our bodies after the holidays but do we actively seek to cleanse our minds? Since moving to Australia, I have seriously downgraded! Everything from my clothing, to the books I have, to the car I drive. I never really understood the advantage of downgrading until moving here. But it’s made me less concerned with my appearance, it’s helped grow anticipation for things I really want/desire and it’s brought value back to the things that I have. On top of that, my room never looks cluttered, which has made my room a safe haven for me. My environment has changed drastically as well. My friends are all on a path of self-discovery and desiring to achieve their highest potential. This has really helped push me forward when I’m having a difficult day. They pick me up and help me continue my race even when I am throwing tantrums. So often I’ve felt alone in my journey of bettering myself, but here I have a plentitude of people that are on a similar journey as well. If you’ve been to Australia, you’d get the joke that we are 10 years behind in this country. Personally, I LOVE it! If I watch TV, which has been seldom, it’s rare that I’m bombarded with hyper-sexualized ads and the music I listen to is more often than not kid-friendly. You may be thinking that that’s incredibly boring. But honestly, it’s so refreshing. The media does influence our thoughts and behaviors. If you believe to be ugly and incredibly discontent with your looks- take notice of what you are watching and who you are comparing yourself with. If you believe this is a violent world- take notice of how much of the news you watch or read. It’s ridiculous to believe that media doesn’t have an influence on our thoughts and actions since psychology is a key component of the media. Ever drive faster or more reckless when listening to a particular song? Newsflash, they do alter your behavior. Mindfulness is an essential practice here. I want to be a responsible creator with my life who is mindful with how I impact others as well as myself. That means taking responsibility for my thoughts and feelings by selecting, shaping and being in tune with them. It’s a muscle that either gets used or lost. Mindfulness can be practiced by noticing if you are hungry or rather thirsty. What thoughts do I feed on and why? Was my response appropriate? Do I really mean what I say? These are just a couple of things I’ve noticed that have dramatically impacted me. I don’t recommend you do all at once. But pick one to focus on for a season and I promise you, you change your life positively. Ps: The picture is to represent the emotional and physical fatigue I go through while detoxing. Trust me, it’ll take you on a rollercoaster. I love your transparency and sharing your crave for a cigarette; then correlating it with an emotional reaction. I as well have quit smoking but sometimes find myself craving past behaviors when I feel like I’m losing “control”. Continue the journey. This is just the beginning and I am so excited to see you grow. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> CHARLOTTE -The N.C. Department of Transportation is extending the closure for a section of Brantley Road over Lake Fisher in Kannapolis until further notice. NCDOT had estimated opening the bridge by this Friday, August 8. Crews closed the bridge last month after a routine inspection of the structure revealed severe decay in one of the bridge's timber piles along with rust and corrosion in sections of the bridge's steel girders. NCDOT staff determined these issues required immediate attention and closed the bridge for the public's safety. Crews have cleaned, cut and replaced beam ends since implementing the closure July 14. Engineers are currently determining next steps in the repair process and the extent of those repairs. Motorists should continue following the posted detour from Brantley Road to China Grove Road to Lane Street to Old Salisbury-Concord Road back to Brantley Road. </s>" <s> CHARLOTTE -The N.C. Department of Transportation is extending the closure for a section of Brantley Road over Lake Fisher in Kannapolis until further notice. NCDOT had estimated opening the bridge by this Friday, August 8. Crews closed the bridge last month after a routine inspection of the structure revealed severe decay in one of the bridge's timber piles along with rust and corrosion in sections of the bridge's steel girders. NCDOT staff determined these issues required immediate attention and closed the bridge for the public's safety. Crews have cleaned, cut and replaced beam ends since implementing the closure July 14. Engineers are currently determining next steps in the repair process and the extent of those repairs. Motorists should continue following the posted detour from Brantley Road to China Grove Road to Lane Street to Old Salisbury-Concord Road back to Brantley Road. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Here is an incredibly rare opportunity tucked away in a prime Western City Fringe location. A beautiful historic four bedroom homestead, and a separate one bedroom unit set on its own title, together comprising a total of 736m2. Adjacent to the cafes and bustle of Jervois Road, but nestled down a quiet street that leads directly to the expansive Cox's Bay Park. The principal dwelling is a charming and sizeable character homestead that offers genuine family sized proportions and is set out over two levels. The property offers stunning views past the Kelmarna Organic Farm to the Sky Tower beyond. Wonderful sun, multiple living spaces and large bi-fold doors provide easy access to an incredible established garden with fruit trees and garden shed. Number 28 Wharf Road is packed with history, and presents beautifully with eclectic, fun interiors. Very special indeed. On its own title, this one bedroom unit has provided income for many years, but of course brings with it a whole range of possibilities for new owners to explore and maximise. Consult your architect, builder or accountant as to how to utilise this property best. Teenagers, Air BnB, long term rental, art studio... the options are all there to consider. You may even wish to build the family dream home on the entire 736m2 site. Needless to say, properties of this calibre and flexibility do not come up for sale very often. We recommend that you inspect at your earliest opportunity. </s>" <s> Here is an incredibly rare opportunity tucked away in a prime Western City Fringe location. A beautiful historic four bedroom homestead, and a separate one bedroom unit set on its own title, together comprising a total of 736m2. Adjacent to the cafes and bustle of Jervois Road, but nestled down a quiet street that leads directly to the expansive Cox's Bay Park. The principal dwelling is a charming and sizeable character homestead that offers genuine family sized proportions and is set out over two levels. The property offers stunning views past the Kelmarna Organic Farm to the Sky Tower beyond. Wonderful sun, multiple living spaces and large bi-fold doors provide easy access to an incredible established garden with fruit trees and garden shed. Number 28 Wharf Road is packed with history, and presents beautifully with eclectic, fun interiors. Very special indeed. On its own title, this one bedroom unit has provided income for many years, but of course brings with it a whole range of possibilities for new owners to explore and maximise. Consult your architect, builder or accountant as to how to utilise this property best. Teenagers, Air BnB, long term rental, art studio... the options are all there to consider. You may even wish to build the family dream home on the entire 736m2 site. Needless to say, properties of this calibre and flexibility do not come up for sale very often. We recommend that you inspect at your earliest opportunity. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> POLISH KG is not only one of the best polishing powder but it is also an excellent chemical for daily cleaning of hard surfaces. It is fine abrasive (to be mixed with water) to remove fungus, soap scum build-up and embedded stains in grouting immediately. This product is suitable for use in kitchens, restaurants, shopping mall, and alltype of stone surfaces, whether with honed or rough surface textures. Instruction to use: Spread a small quantity of POLISH KG on the floor and add a little water. Using the Discolux or white disc, make a ""yogurt-like"" cream and work until the floor becomes lucid. If you need to, add another little bit of POLISH and water. The polishing product must always be like yogurt. At the end of the job, wash the floor thoroughly with the clean white disc. When the floor is dry, polish with a dry white disc. </s>" <s> POLISH KG is not only one of the best polishing powder but it is also an excellent chemical for daily cleaning of hard surfaces. It is fine abrasive (to be mixed with water) to remove fungus, soap scum build-up and embedded stains in grouting immediately. This product is suitable for use in kitchens, restaurants, shopping mall, and alltype of stone surfaces, whether with honed or rough surface textures. Instruction to use: Spread a small quantity of POLISH KG on the floor and add a little water. Using the Discolux or white disc, make a """yogurt-like""" cream and work until the floor becomes lucid. If you need to, add another little bit of POLISH and water. The polishing product must always be like yogurt. At the end of the job, wash the floor thoroughly with the clean white disc. When the floor is dry, polish with a dry white disc. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2019-04-14 06:02:51 BST and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product. iPod Earbud Headset showcases Dyna-Drive drivings that deliver boosted sound performance. Headset for iPods also offers in-line slide volume control. Flexible silicone body offers utmost convenience. Headset includes different size ear caps and a drawstring, leather traveling pouch. </s>" <s> Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2019-04-14 06:02:51 BST and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product. iPod Earbud Headset showcases Dyna-Drive drivings that deliver boosted sound performance. Headset for iPods also offers in-line slide volume control. Flexible silicone body offers utmost convenience. Headset includes different size ear caps and a drawstring, leather traveling pouch. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Looking to sell your Japanese artwork or just want to know its value? Tell us a little bit about it below and we'll get back to you with more information. If you have any digital images, please use the form below to send them to us. Be as descriptive as possible. Tell us about the history, if you know, and where you acquired it. Please tell us the size and describe the piece's condition as best as you can. You can send up to five images with this appraisal request. Click the ""Browse"" button [Ed.: note that the button is not labeled ""Browse"" in all browsers] and search your hard drive for the image/file to send. Do this for each image, up to five. When done, click submit below. If your image files are large, it may take some time to send the images. Be patient; don't click the submit button more than once. </s>" <s> Looking to sell your Japanese artwork or just want to know its value? Tell us a little bit about it below and we'll get back to you with more information. If you have any digital images, please use the form below to send them to us. Be as descriptive as possible. Tell us about the history, if you know, and where you acquired it. Please tell us the size and describe the piece's condition as best as you can. You can send up to five images with this appraisal request. Click the """Browse""" button [Ed.: note that the button is not labeled """Browse""" in all browsers] and search your hard drive for the image/file to send. Do this for each image, up to five. When done, click submit below. If your image files are large, it may take some time to send the images. Be patient; don't click the submit button more than once. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Description: Merchant Account and New Point-of-Sales Equipment. Go to the website and sign-up online. Description: Dental Insurance Sales. Go to the website and sign-up online. </s>" <s> Description: Merchant Account and New Point-of-Sales Equipment. Go to the website and sign-up online. Description: Dental Insurance Sales. Go to the website and sign-up online. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> The Slim & Save Simplicity Plan provides the perfect VLCD diet for those looking to keep it simple! There is no food to prepare, and all meals come from the packs we send you. Over 17st? You can have an extra pack on the Simplicity Plus Plan if you need it! </s>" <s> The Slim & Save Simplicity Plan provides the perfect VLCD diet for those looking to keep it simple! There is no food to prepare, and all meals come from the packs we send you. Over 17st? You can have an extra pack on the Simplicity Plus Plan if you need it! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> CONSULTATION ENDS 31 JULY – PLEASE WRITE / IS ANGUS ENERGY BACK? As you are probably aware, Angus Energy and Surrey County Council are in a dispute over the drilling of sidetrack BR-X4Z in January 2017, which the Council said was drilled without planning permission. The news broke on BBC London News on 9th March and reached the front page of the Times. A week later DrillOrDrop reported that Angus drilled against the advice given by the Council prior to drilling. Despite its position, the Council has not taken any formal enforcement action with respect to the drilling of BR-X4Z. Council Officers had invited Angus to apply for retrospective planning, but the company refused saying they did not need it and that they had valid permission for six wells (so additional three to what’s already on site) and for production! Since there’s been no formal action, the dispute remains only that, a difference of opinions. Meanwhile, Angus continue their promises to investors that Brockham will be in production by the end of this summer. Their share price has gone from 10.75p to 32.6p in one month and HGV traffic was recently recorded arriving at the well site. Despite claiming no need for any permission, Angus applied for retrospective planning for on-site facilities (but not for the drilling). The Council decided to run a public consultation on this seemingly minor application, perhaps because of the ongoing dispute. This consultation is open until 31 July. We would like to urge you to comment on this application and support the position taken by both Brockham Oil Watch and the Parish Council that, as the current situation is the subject of legal dispute any consideration of the current application for the upgrade of site facilities should be postponed until this dispute has been settled. You can comment via this link or by emailing mwcd@surreycc.gov.uk. Please also send a copy of your comment to Mole Valley planning team at planning@molevalley.gov.uk. When commenting on an application, make sure to include your full postal address and reference SCC/2017/0089 (MO/2017/0916). If you live outside of Surrey, you can still comment and it would be best if you could give a reason why this is relevant to you. On July 9th a Grampian Continental flatbed contracted by Angus Energy was seen travelling through Brockham village. Surrey Council’s Monitoring Officer visited the well site on 13 July and reported that approximately 6 larger pipes, a pallet and some wooden crates have been delivered and were stored on site (picture below). Council Officers are in communication wit Angus Energy’s solicitor regarding this recent activity, and the first one since January 2017, when Angus drilled sidetrack BR-X4Z – the subject of the current dispute. We are keeping a close eye on Felton’s Farm well site and we would also like to ask all local residents (as well as those further away who have relevant information) to alert us as soon as possible if any HGV traffic is witnessed arriving or leaving the site, or any other activity related to the well site. Please see contact details below. Note that, except in the case of emergency, no commercial vehicle should enter or leave the site except between the hours of 07.00-08.00, 09.00-15.30 or 18.00-19.00 on Monday to Friday and 08.00-13.00 on Saturday, and no traffic should be through Brockham Village (the correct route is Old School Lane, Bushbury Lane, Roothill Lane, Red Lane, Blackbrook Road and Mill road to the A24). P.S. Another consultation, for an updated environmental production permit to be issued by the Environment Agency, is expected to come online very soon and we will be contacting you separately when it is out and we have had the chance to digest. Brockham Oil Watch is a group of local residents concerned about plans for unconventional production at Brockham oil site. The Kimmeridge inter-bedded limestone and shale layers currently targeted by Angus Energy are a tight-oil reservoir, meaning commercial extraction will likely require acid stimulation. Acidisation* involves pumping large quantities of acids and other chemicals below ground to dissolve the rock and release oil. There are very few studies on health and environmental effects of this technique and it is poorly regulated in the UK. Acidisation has a longer history of use in the US; In California it is regulated in the same way as hydraulic fracturing, and many Florida counties and municipalities have passed ordinances to ban it. *By acidisation we mean “matrix acidising” and “acid fracking” – well stimulation treatments used to extract oil. Acidisation can also refer to a routine well maintenance process used by the industry to clean out boreholes , which is also known as an “acid wash.” This confusion in definitions is part of the reason why we think that regulation is not good enough. ← Planning Application SCC/2017/0089 (MO/2017/0916) – OBJECT BY 31 JULY! </s>" <s> CONSULTATION ENDS 31 JULY – PLEASE WRITE / IS ANGUS ENERGY BACK? As you are probably aware, Angus Energy and Surrey County Council are in a dispute over the drilling of sidetrack BR-X4Z in January 2017, which the Council said was drilled without planning permission. The news broke on BBC London News on 9th March and reached the front page of the Times. A week later DrillOrDrop reported that Angus drilled against the advice given by the Council prior to drilling. Despite its position, the Council has not taken any formal enforcement action with respect to the drilling of BR-X4Z. Council Officers had invited Angus to apply for retrospective planning, but the company refused saying they did not need it and that they had valid permission for six wells (so additional three to what’s already on site) and for production! Since there’s been no formal action, the dispute remains only that, a difference of opinions. Meanwhile, Angus continue their promises to investors that Brockham will be in production by the end of this summer. Their share price has gone from 10.75p to 32.6p in one month and HGV traffic was recently recorded arriving at the well site. Despite claiming no need for any permission, Angus applied for retrospective planning for on-site facilities (but not for the drilling). The Council decided to run a public consultation on this seemingly minor application, perhaps because of the ongoing dispute. This consultation is open until 31 July. We would like to urge you to comment on this application and support the position taken by both Brockham Oil Watch and the Parish Council that, as the current situation is the subject of legal dispute any consideration of the current application for the upgrade of site facilities should be postponed until this dispute has been settled. You can comment via this link or by emailing mwcd@surreycc.gov.uk. Please also send a copy of your comment to Mole Valley planning team at planning@molevalley.gov.uk. When commenting on an application, make sure to include your full postal address and reference SCC/2017/0089 (MO/2017/0916). If you live outside of Surrey, you can still comment and it would be best if you could give a reason why this is relevant to you. On July 9th a Grampian Continental flatbed contracted by Angus Energy was seen travelling through Brockham village. Surrey Council’s Monitoring Officer visited the well site on 13 July and reported that approximately 6 larger pipes, a pallet and some wooden crates have been delivered and were stored on site (picture below). Council Officers are in communication wit Angus Energy’s solicitor regarding this recent activity, and the first one since January 2017, when Angus drilled sidetrack BR-X4Z – the subject of the current dispute. We are keeping a close eye on Felton’s Farm well site and we would also like to ask all local residents (as well as those further away who have relevant information) to alert us as soon as possible if any HGV traffic is witnessed arriving or leaving the site, or any other activity related to the well site. Please see contact details below. Note that, except in the case of emergency, no commercial vehicle should enter or leave the site except between the hours of 07.00-08.00, 09.00-15.30 or 18.00-19.00 on Monday to Friday and 08.00-13.00 on Saturday, and no traffic should be through Brockham Village (the correct route is Old School Lane, Bushbury Lane, Roothill Lane, Red Lane, Blackbrook Road and Mill road to the A24). P.S. Another consultation, for an updated environmental production permit to be issued by the Environment Agency, is expected to come online very soon and we will be contacting you separately when it is out and we have had the chance to digest. Brockham Oil Watch is a group of local residents concerned about plans for unconventional production at Brockham oil site. The Kimmeridge inter-bedded limestone and shale layers currently targeted by Angus Energy are a tight-oil reservoir, meaning commercial extraction will likely require acid stimulation. Acidisation* involves pumping large quantities of acids and other chemicals below ground to dissolve the rock and release oil. There are very few studies on health and environmental effects of this technique and it is poorly regulated in the UK. Acidisation has a longer history of use in the US; In California it is regulated in the same way as hydraulic fracturing, and many Florida counties and municipalities have passed ordinances to ban it. *By acidisation we mean “matrix acidising” and “acid fracking” – well stimulation treatments used to extract oil. Acidisation can also refer to a routine well maintenance process used by the industry to clean out boreholes , which is also known as an “acid wash.” This confusion in definitions is part of the reason why we think that regulation is not good enough. ← Planning Application SCC/2017/0089 (MO/2017/0916) – OBJECT BY 31 JULY! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
"<s> A Classic White Subway Tile Bathroom Designed By Our Teenage Son! I suppose I can’t take 100% credit for planning and designing our new home. Our 16 year old son, Ethan, happens to have a good eye and was very opinionated when it came to putting all the design elements together for his bathroom. From day one, he requested a bathroom with classic white subway tile and “dark grout,” specifically not white grout. See, very opinionated! The bathroom that our boys share at our beach cottage is all black and white and apparently he likes that! You can see that bathroom HERE. He also wanted a natural stained white oak vanity and black fixtures. I like the way he thinks! I sketched up a few vanity design options and he liked the open shelf look at the base of the vanity. Upon his approval, I gave the idea to our cabinet maker and he built exactly what Ethan and I had envisioned. Let’s see the results! **Affiliate links used in this post for your shopping convenience. See our full disclosure and photo policies HERE. His bathroom is small so instead of having a linen closet, we designed the vanity to have the open shelf for extra towels. On a side note, I had the electricians put an outlet inside all the vanities to plug in toothbrushes. No more cords and ugly toothbrushes on the countertop! It’s those little things that make a big difference! I think he designed a fabulous bathroom! It’s classic with the white subway tile, yet modern with the mix of white oak. I keep telling him he’s hired if he wants to work for me! If you missed it, be sure to check out his industrial modern bedroom and the brick wall he masoned HERE. This is exactly how i would do my bathroom. Black and white bathrooms are classically timeless. Love it! Wow..I think he has a future in interior design! What product did you use for the countertop? Also, what tile did you use for the floor..love grey vs..black! Thank you! Countertop is quartz by Aureastone, color is Phidius. Floors are taupe grey hex from Floor and Decor. Thank you Kristin! You’re so sweet. Best decision ever with the toothbrush outlet under the vanity! I think maybe we have an architect or designer in the works. It is gorgeous. </s>" <s> A Classic White Subway Tile Bathroom Designed By Our Teenage Son! I suppose I can’t take 100% credit for planning and designing our new home. Our 16 year old son, Ethan, happens to have a good eye and was very opinionated when it came to putting all the design elements together for his bathroom. From day one, he requested a bathroom with classic white subway tile and “dark grout,” specifically not white grout. See, very opinionated! The bathroom that our boys share at our beach cottage is all black and white and apparently he likes that! You can see that bathroom HERE. He also wanted a natural stained white oak vanity and black fixtures. I like the way he thinks! I sketched up a few vanity design options and he liked the open shelf look at the base of the vanity. Upon his approval, I gave the idea to our cabinet maker and he built exactly what Ethan and I had envisioned. Let’s see the results! **Affiliate links used in this post for your shopping convenience. See our full disclosure and photo policies HERE. His bathroom is small so instead of having a linen closet, we designed the vanity to have the open shelf for extra towels. On a side note, I had the electricians put an outlet inside all the vanities to plug in toothbrushes. No more cords and ugly toothbrushes on the countertop! It’s those little things that make a big difference! I think he designed a fabulous bathroom! It’s classic with the white subway tile, yet modern with the mix of white oak. I keep telling him he’s hired if he wants to work for me! If you missed it, be sure to check out his industrial modern bedroom and the brick wall he masoned HERE. This is exactly how i would do my bathroom. Black and white bathrooms are classically timeless. Love it! Wow..I think he has a future in interior design! What product did you use for the countertop? Also, what tile did you use for the floor..love grey vs..black! Thank you! Countertop is quartz by Aureastone, color is Phidius. Floors are taupe grey hex from Floor and Decor. Thank you Kristin! You’re so sweet. Best decision ever with the toothbrush outlet under the vanity! I think maybe we have an architect or designer in the works. It is gorgeous. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> 20 Apr Published at 720 × 960 in Chashitsu “KeiSui-An”. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. </s>" <s> 20 Apr Published at 720 × 960 in Chashitsu “KeiSui-An”. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> There isn’t any want to worry in regards to the scarcity of funds for a specific objective as a result of you will get what you want within the cash you’ve got if solely you know the way to search out the very best deal online. When buying in conventional brick and mortar shops, it’s quite tough to by accident buy the mistaken item (although it as been seen) as a result of the gross sales process usually entails you physically carrying the merchandise as much as the gross sales counter and paying for it. In online shopping, where the patron never bodily handles the item before the method is full and the merchandise delivered, it is definitely attainable to buy the flawed product. Footwear of quite a few varieties, watches, sun shades, baggage, jewelry, scarves and stoles, beauty , skin and hair care products, fragrances , and a lot extra are simply a few of the different items you’ll be able to seize hold of right here. Often people assume that even in the event you do on-line buying with deals, you end paying the saved amount in delivery. Online buying, similar to anything else in life, as instances the place not everything goes to plan. Nike is superior to most brands in quality and it consistently excels in designing footwear which might be fashionable however nonetheless practical. The rise of the internet led to an internet procuring sale where customers find the best purchase on Cyber Monday. From beauty stuff to sports material, grocery, trending products to clothes objects, footwear to furniture, Amazon has every thing you need. They vary from designer sites to cheap offers, garments and accessories to magnificence and skincare, all the pieces you could be in search of, all united by their bookmark-worthiness. Nordstrom has all the clothes, shoes, equipment, and sweetness merchandise you could possibly presumably want—both designer and non. We compiled an inventory of the 50 greatest shops to buy based mostly on quality, worth for cash and customer service experience (and we’ve included just a few runner-ups in every class beneath). Boohoo shouldn’t be for tech guys who wish to buy tech products however in term of clothing, this is likely one of the best online shopping sites. The positioning affords interviews and behind-the-scenes glimpses of the brands they stock plus a sale part that is not to be sneezed at. All of your favorite drugstore brands and all of your favourite designer manufacturers, all in one place. Although it additionally provides different class objects to shop as properly resembling clothes & footwear, vogue accessories and so on. With web procuring now such part of the mainstream, many customers head to cyber area in quest of their greatest buy. Whether or not you’ve been buying online for a long time otherwise you’ve simply started, you need to know a couple of tips and tips in order to be sure that you find the very best deals and save as a lot as potential. Coupon codes are sometimes obtainable for chain shops, department stores or smaller specialty outlets. If you wish to evaluate two online procuring offers websites, I’d advise resorting to blogs. Indeed, when individuals wish to go to the mall, they’re normally going for one purpose, and that’s to check out the sales at all of those stylish designer stores. Because the name describes this web site is full of best presents on a wide range of product brands. Nowadays, it looks as if quite a lot of gadgets (e.g. books, electronics, and workplace provides) are bought on-line greater than they’re in shops, principally due to the convenience of all of it. So to assist help you in your online procuring adventures, I’ve rounded up a few of my favorite picks for the best online shopping sites for women. Most vacation shoppers are acquainted with Black Friday but more and more cut price hunters are getting geared up for Cyber Monday, which is when many retailers provide their greatest online shopping deal. Regardless that a sale would possibly seem like an ideal deal, it might be worth waiting for one of the best time of year to purchase that product As a normal rule, you will save probably the most if you shop out of season. That can assist you fulfill all of your buying needs (needs?) this season, we have created the definitive checklist of the best online shopping destinations to go to right now—from style and sweetness to life-style and residential decor. Though on-line procuring as many advantages, there are additionally problems which can happen now and again. Tommy Hilfiger, Perpetually 21, Vero Moda, FabAlley, All About You by Deepika Padukone, Adidas, Puma, Reebok, Burberry, French Connection, Calvin Klein, HRX by Hrithik Roshan, Arrow, United Colours of Benetton, Esprit, Bombay Dyeing, Forest Essentials, L’Oréal Paris, M.A.C, Bobbi Brown, and thousands of other national and worldwide, finances-friendly as well as luxurious manufacturers await you with products that you just just can’t flip down. Purchasing online can mean wading by limitless Google Shopping results, or scrolling by way of previous-faithfuls like ASOS and Zara with out realizing the place else to show. It has clothes and accessories for men, ladies and kids and even items for the house. It’s an American multinational online procuring web site wherein folks promote and purchase a wide range of services and items across the globe. The internet has made it possible to carry out quite a few duties from the consolation of your property. Most people enjoy the convenience of procuring on-line immensely. By merely connecting with members of shopping blogs and forums you will get ideas in regards to the latest online offers. It’s among the finest and largest on-line buying websites within the US and world wide. Effectively, you are able to do all this from the comfort of your house while enjoying many online procuring advantages, right from irresistible deals and reductions to a strong consumer interface with many shopping filters (based on varied classes of clothing, brands, finances, and so forth.). to make your buying expertise actually hassle free. In the event you love to buy on-line, and need assistance discovering the most effective on-line shops to go to or the online auctions to participate in, read on. These eCommerce and procuring articles provide you with helpful data on nearly every little thing pertaining to purchasing and selling merchandise on the net. Shop standard brands like Juicy Couture, Rock & Republic and Levi’s. What started off as a little bit storage store in Sydney, Australia referred to as Show Pony has now grow to be the fashion-ahead on-line store Showpo. It’s on-line clothes purchasing portal affords nice fusion put on and latest collections. The rise of the internet brought about an internet procuring sale the place shoppers find the perfect buy on Cyber Monday. Newegg is filled with digital objects and pc and other electronic units and theird equipment. With free expedited delivery options and free returns, as well as videos of virtually every product available, Zappos all the time gives an excellent online buying expertise. Zappos originally started with simply shoes after which just saved increasing; the location now affords all kinds of things—anything from girls’s apparel to children’ clothing to specialty shops. Gives pattern setters the most recent styles of clothes, sneakers, accessories and more... for less. The internet has made it possible to carry out plenty of tasks from the comfort of your own home. It sells over 850 manufacturers in addition to its personal range of clothing and accessories. Online Purchasing websites additionally allow you to seek for any specific product very easily. Many consumers keep away from the hassles of in-store shopping by doing the majority of their purchasing on-line. To not mention that it offers merchandise for males, ladies, and kids. An internet site like Shein with fashionable trendy clothes at inexpensive costs. Etsy is a good place to shop for items, clothes and accessories, home décor and extra. Finding finest on-line shopping sites could be another process for you when you do not know which website to buy groceries. The rise of the internet led to a web based buying sale the place shoppers find one of the best buy on Cyber Monday. With a singular watch-as-they-purchase function that lets you see gadgets being purchased in real time and a wedding part that provides anything and every thing bridal, the web site has also branched out to incorporate beauty, adding model Miranda Kerr’s magnificence line Kora Organics to its well-rounded magnificence part. </s>" <s> There isn’t any want to worry in regards to the scarcity of funds for a specific objective as a result of you will get what you want within the cash you’ve got if solely you know the way to search out the very best deal online. When buying in conventional brick and mortar shops, it’s quite tough to by accident buy the mistaken item (although it as been seen) as a result of the gross sales process usually entails you physically carrying the merchandise as much as the gross sales counter and paying for it. In online shopping, where the patron never bodily handles the item before the method is full and the merchandise delivered, it is definitely attainable to buy the flawed product. Footwear of quite a few varieties, watches, sun shades, baggage, jewelry, scarves and stoles, beauty , skin and hair care products, fragrances , and a lot extra are simply a few of the different items you’ll be able to seize hold of right here. Often people assume that even in the event you do on-line buying with deals, you end paying the saved amount in delivery. Online buying, similar to anything else in life, as instances the place not everything goes to plan. Nike is superior to most brands in quality and it consistently excels in designing footwear which might be fashionable however nonetheless practical. The rise of the internet led to an internet procuring sale where customers find the best purchase on Cyber Monday. From beauty stuff to sports material, grocery, trending products to clothes objects, footwear to furniture, Amazon has every thing you need. They vary from designer sites to cheap offers, garments and accessories to magnificence and skincare, all the pieces you could be in search of, all united by their bookmark-worthiness. Nordstrom has all the clothes, shoes, equipment, and sweetness merchandise you could possibly presumably want—both designer and non. We compiled an inventory of the 50 greatest shops to buy based mostly on quality, worth for cash and customer service experience (and we’ve included just a few runner-ups in every class beneath). Boohoo shouldn’t be for tech guys who wish to buy tech products however in term of clothing, this is likely one of the best online shopping sites. The positioning affords interviews and behind-the-scenes glimpses of the brands they stock plus a sale part that is not to be sneezed at. All of your favorite drugstore brands and all of your favourite designer manufacturers, all in one place. Although it additionally provides different class objects to shop as properly resembling clothes & footwear, vogue accessories and so on. With web procuring now such part of the mainstream, many customers head to cyber area in quest of their greatest buy. Whether or not you’ve been buying online for a long time otherwise you’ve simply started, you need to know a couple of tips and tips in order to be sure that you find the very best deals and save as a lot as potential. Coupon codes are sometimes obtainable for chain shops, department stores or smaller specialty outlets. If you wish to evaluate two online procuring offers websites, I’d advise resorting to blogs. Indeed, when individuals wish to go to the mall, they’re normally going for one purpose, and that’s to check out the sales at all of those stylish designer stores. Because the name describes this web site is full of best presents on a wide range of product brands. Nowadays, it looks as if quite a lot of gadgets (e.g. books, electronics, and workplace provides) are bought on-line greater than they’re in shops, principally due to the convenience of all of it. So to assist help you in your online procuring adventures, I’ve rounded up a few of my favorite picks for the best online shopping sites for women. Most vacation shoppers are acquainted with Black Friday but more and more cut price hunters are getting geared up for Cyber Monday, which is when many retailers provide their greatest online shopping deal. Regardless that a sale would possibly seem like an ideal deal, it might be worth waiting for one of the best time of year to purchase that product As a normal rule, you will save probably the most if you shop out of season. That can assist you fulfill all of your buying needs (needs?) this season, we have created the definitive checklist of the best online shopping destinations to go to right now—from style and sweetness to life-style and residential decor. Though on-line procuring as many advantages, there are additionally problems which can happen now and again. Tommy Hilfiger, Perpetually 21, Vero Moda, FabAlley, All About You by Deepika Padukone, Adidas, Puma, Reebok, Burberry, French Connection, Calvin Klein, HRX by Hrithik Roshan, Arrow, United Colours of Benetton, Esprit, Bombay Dyeing, Forest Essentials, L’Oréal Paris, M.A.C, Bobbi Brown, and thousands of other national and worldwide, finances-friendly as well as luxurious manufacturers await you with products that you just just can’t flip down. Purchasing online can mean wading by limitless Google Shopping results, or scrolling by way of previous-faithfuls like ASOS and Zara with out realizing the place else to show. It has clothes and accessories for men, ladies and kids and even items for the house. It’s an American multinational online procuring web site wherein folks promote and purchase a wide range of services and items across the globe. The internet has made it possible to carry out quite a few duties from the consolation of your property. Most people enjoy the convenience of procuring on-line immensely. By merely connecting with members of shopping blogs and forums you will get ideas in regards to the latest online offers. It’s among the finest and largest on-line buying websites within the US and world wide. Effectively, you are able to do all this from the comfort of your house while enjoying many online procuring advantages, right from irresistible deals and reductions to a strong consumer interface with many shopping filters (based on varied classes of clothing, brands, finances, and so forth.). to make your buying expertise actually hassle free. In the event you love to buy on-line, and need assistance discovering the most effective on-line shops to go to or the online auctions to participate in, read on. These eCommerce and procuring articles provide you with helpful data on nearly every little thing pertaining to purchasing and selling merchandise on the net. Shop standard brands like Juicy Couture, Rock & Republic and Levi’s. What started off as a little bit storage store in Sydney, Australia referred to as Show Pony has now grow to be the fashion-ahead on-line store Showpo. It’s on-line clothes purchasing portal affords nice fusion put on and latest collections. The rise of the internet brought about an internet procuring sale the place shoppers find the perfect buy on Cyber Monday. Newegg is filled with digital objects and pc and other electronic units and theird equipment. With free expedited delivery options and free returns, as well as videos of virtually every product available, Zappos all the time gives an excellent online buying expertise. Zappos originally started with simply shoes after which just saved increasing; the location now affords all kinds of things—anything from girls’s apparel to children’ clothing to specialty shops. Gives pattern setters the most recent styles of clothes, sneakers, accessories and more... for less. The internet has made it possible to carry out plenty of tasks from the comfort of your own home. It sells over 850 manufacturers in addition to its personal range of clothing and accessories. Online Purchasing websites additionally allow you to seek for any specific product very easily. Many consumers keep away from the hassles of in-store shopping by doing the majority of their purchasing on-line. To not mention that it offers merchandise for males, ladies, and kids. An internet site like Shein with fashionable trendy clothes at inexpensive costs. Etsy is a good place to shop for items, clothes and accessories, home décor and extra. Finding finest on-line shopping sites could be another process for you when you do not know which website to buy groceries. The rise of the internet led to a web based buying sale the place shoppers find one of the best buy on Cyber Monday. With a singular watch-as-they-purchase function that lets you see gadgets being purchased in real time and a wedding part that provides anything and every thing bridal, the web site has also branched out to incorporate beauty, adding model Miranda Kerr’s magnificence line Kora Organics to its well-rounded magnificence part. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Caryl Serbin, RN, BSN, LHRM, President & Founder of Serbin Medical Billing, has contributed a column to Becker's ASC Review on how to improve ASC implant reimbursement. As Caryl writes, ""If payors don't cover costly implants adequately, ASCs may lose money on procedures that require them. Facilities face a negative impact on business and revenue if they must advise providers and patients that the facility doesn't offer services requiring implants or continue to perform these procedures at a loss."" Access the Becker's ASC Review column here. View all Serbin Medical Billing articles here. </s>" <s> Caryl Serbin, RN, BSN, LHRM, President & Founder of Serbin Medical Billing, has contributed a column to Becker's ASC Review on how to improve ASC implant reimbursement. As Caryl writes, """If" payors don't cover costly implants adequately, ASCs may lose money on procedures that require them. Facilities face a negative impact on business and revenue if they must advise providers and patients that the facility doesn't offer services requiring implants or continue to perform these procedures at a "loss.""" Access the Becker's ASC Review column here. View all Serbin Medical Billing articles here. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Please visit our Open House at 410 530 RAVEN WOODS DR in North Vancouver. Come relax at Tranquil Seasons at Raven Woods. This gorgeous home faces the beautiful water features of the quiet courtyard with a large wrap around balcony.With Granite countertops and Stainless Steel Appliances this home is first class. Ideal location near the water and close for commuters to the second narrows bridge with only a 20 min to downtown. This award winning building is a must see. </s>" <s> Please visit our Open House at 410 530 RAVEN WOODS DR in North Vancouver. Come relax at Tranquil Seasons at Raven Woods. This gorgeous home faces the beautiful water features of the quiet courtyard with a large wrap around balcony.With Granite countertops and Stainless Steel Appliances this home is first class. Ideal location near the water and close for commuters to the second narrows bridge with only a 20 min to downtown. This award winning building is a must see. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> This word came early. And I didn't even want to fight it or try and ""top"" it. It may be one word for a whole year, but to me, it does not put me or my life in a neat little box I can control. The very meaning of this word for this year defies a box. Let me amend--my amazing God defies a box. This word the Lord gave me gets me out of the box. It colors so many facets of my heart and shoots outward like beams of light into my life. To the right is a picture from a small journal I keep. And that is all I have written out for 2015. No lists, no hopes, no goals written out yet. More than anything, F R E E is a word that describes who I am in Christ. Free from condemnation and fear are the two big ones. Free to be me. Free to see myself the way God sees me. Free to choose not to give into fear, insecurities, and to not dwell on who I think I am and beat myself up about it. This F R E E has interweaving layers. Haven't yet figured them all out. The widely encompassing one is my identity in Christ. It needs to color my self-worth with the bright joy that comes from keeping my gaze on Christ and actually believing in how He sees me which is the farthest thing from how I see me. </s>" <s> This word came early. And I didn't even want to fight it or try and """top""" it. It may be one word for a whole year, but to me, it does not put me or my life in a neat little box I can control. The very meaning of this word for this year defies a box. Let me amend--my amazing God defies a box. This word the Lord gave me gets me out of the box. It colors so many facets of my heart and shoots outward like beams of light into my life. To the right is a picture from a small journal I keep. And that is all I have written out for 2015. No lists, no hopes, no goals written out yet. More than anything, F R E E is a word that describes who I am in Christ. Free from condemnation and fear are the two big ones. Free to be me. Free to see myself the way God sees me. Free to choose not to give into fear, insecurities, and to not dwell on who I think I am and beat myself up about it. This F R E E has interweaving layers. Haven't yet figured them all out. The widely encompassing one is my identity in Christ. It needs to color my self-worth with the bright joy that comes from keeping my gaze on Christ and actually believing in how He sees me which is the farthest thing from how I see me. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> You know you always find the most adorable ideas and DIY missions for your kids on Pinterest and Instagram but usually don’t have the time or patience to get it replicated? Well I feel ya! BUT this time I believe I may have succeeded in building Emma the ultimate outdoor get-away/ play-cosy corner with this Tipi tent. Now I can sit in my sun chair opposite her festival side and enjoy my ice coffee while she takes care of her flowers or watches the leaves of the trees moving in the wind. (Dont worry I also engage in actual play and do not just drink coffee). So if you are a dare devil, like I am, here are some great pages with even better DIY instructions from fellow Bloggers! Julie will guide you on what to buy and to assemble your kids dream! Right here! Your kids are gonna adore this one! Or visit Angel over at Fleece Fun for her take on the tipi. She even supplies you with a free sewing pattern! Win for the win! And if you have no idea how to use a sewing machine, or just don't have one, head over to Project Nursery + Junior, where you get the whole run down on to built your own tent with NO sewing! Or if you a bit tight for the necessary time and patience, below I compiled a list of great ready to buy products, you can either order online or pick up in the shop! Go and find a spot on your balcony, lawn or winter garden to to build on yourself or buy a pre-made option. To complete the look why don't buy a few extras? </s>" <s> You know you always find the most adorable ideas and DIY missions for your kids on Pinterest and Instagram but usually don’t have the time or patience to get it replicated? Well I feel ya! BUT this time I believe I may have succeeded in building Emma the ultimate outdoor get-away/ play-cosy corner with this Tipi tent. Now I can sit in my sun chair opposite her festival side and enjoy my ice coffee while she takes care of her flowers or watches the leaves of the trees moving in the wind. (Dont worry I also engage in actual play and do not just drink coffee). So if you are a dare devil, like I am, here are some great pages with even better DIY instructions from fellow Bloggers! Julie will guide you on what to buy and to assemble your kids dream! Right here! Your kids are gonna adore this one! Or visit Angel over at Fleece Fun for her take on the tipi. She even supplies you with a free sewing pattern! Win for the win! And if you have no idea how to use a sewing machine, or just don't have one, head over to Project Nursery + Junior, where you get the whole run down on to built your own tent with NO sewing! Or if you a bit tight for the necessary time and patience, below I compiled a list of great ready to buy products, you can either order online or pick up in the shop! Go and find a spot on your balcony, lawn or winter garden to to build on yourself or buy a pre-made option. To complete the look why don't buy a few extras? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> In recent years, cognitive diagnosis models (CDM) have been widely used to provide diagnostic feedback, including mastery/non-mastery of fine-grained skills. Most CDMs treat responses as if they were from a single time point and do not account for change in knowledge proficiency across time. Students’ skill knowledge, however, changes over time as they go through the process of learning; in this regard, it is important to understand their potentially diverse learning trajectories. By understanding students’ learning over time, educators can monitor students’ progress toward their respective learning goals and decide what to adjust to achieve better learning. Students themselves can also be informed on what skills they are specifically lacking and what they need to focus on next to reach their goals. In this talk, I propose longitudinal growth curve cognitive diagnosis models (GC-CDM) to incorporate learning over time into the cognitive assessment framework. The model is estimated using the marginal maximum likelihood (MML) method in Mplus. Relevant issues for estimation are discussed, e.g., the high-dimensional computation problem and model identification. Simulation studies show good parameter recovery. The model is also applied to real data using two datasets from multi-wave experiments designed to assess the effects of the Enhanced Anchored Instruction (EAI; Bottge et al., 2003) on mathematics achievement. SeungYeon Lee is currently a postdoctoral innovation fellow at EdLab, Teachers College Columbia University. Her research interests include psychometrics, multilevel modeling and educational data mining. She is particularly interested in using quantitative methods to measure various aspects of students' learning. SeungYeon received her PhD in Quantitative Methods and Evaluation from UC Berkeley in 2017 and an MA in Statistics from Yonsei University, Korea in 2012. </s>" <s> In recent years, cognitive diagnosis models (CDM) have been widely used to provide diagnostic feedback, including mastery/non-mastery of fine-grained skills. Most CDMs treat responses as if they were from a single time point and do not account for change in knowledge proficiency across time. Students’ skill knowledge, however, changes over time as they go through the process of learning; in this regard, it is important to understand their potentially diverse learning trajectories. By understanding students’ learning over time, educators can monitor students’ progress toward their respective learning goals and decide what to adjust to achieve better learning. Students themselves can also be informed on what skills they are specifically lacking and what they need to focus on next to reach their goals. In this talk, I propose longitudinal growth curve cognitive diagnosis models (GC-CDM) to incorporate learning over time into the cognitive assessment framework. The model is estimated using the marginal maximum likelihood (MML) method in Mplus. Relevant issues for estimation are discussed, e.g., the high-dimensional computation problem and model identification. Simulation studies show good parameter recovery. The model is also applied to real data using two datasets from multi-wave experiments designed to assess the effects of the Enhanced Anchored Instruction (EAI; Bottge et al., 2003) on mathematics achievement. SeungYeon Lee is currently a postdoctoral innovation fellow at EdLab, Teachers College Columbia University. Her research interests include psychometrics, multilevel modeling and educational data mining. She is particularly interested in using quantitative methods to measure various aspects of students' learning. SeungYeon received her PhD in Quantitative Methods and Evaluation from UC Berkeley in 2017 and an MA in Statistics from Yonsei University, Korea in 2012. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Keeping fit will help you maintain a healthy body. There is so much to learn, where do you begin? Here are a few ideas you can use to get started on your fitness plan. Tracking your daily food intake and exercise is important for you to improve your results and reach your fitness goals. When you track, you will be able to determine what works and what does not work. Once you have identified what works for you, stick to them and remove those things that are not working for you in your daily routine. Thoughts are things. Thoughts become actions and actions lead to lifestyle. Maintaining positive thoughts about your fitness goals will motivate you to take action to reach them with relative ease since you will be less likely to procrastinate. Examine this blog write-up by fit advisor to find out why the LateralX LX3 is an excellent home gym for folks who are searching for a simpler way to get fit at home without investing in many equipment. As you now know, you are not alone in your journey to becoming more physically fit. This article offered a variety of ideas for your consideration. Building a solid foundation is the first step getting into shape. It takes time to achieve your fitness goals, but over time and by using these tips, you will be on the right path. </s>" <s> Keeping fit will help you maintain a healthy body. There is so much to learn, where do you begin? Here are a few ideas you can use to get started on your fitness plan. Tracking your daily food intake and exercise is important for you to improve your results and reach your fitness goals. When you track, you will be able to determine what works and what does not work. Once you have identified what works for you, stick to them and remove those things that are not working for you in your daily routine. Thoughts are things. Thoughts become actions and actions lead to lifestyle. Maintaining positive thoughts about your fitness goals will motivate you to take action to reach them with relative ease since you will be less likely to procrastinate. Examine this blog write-up by fit advisor to find out why the LateralX LX3 is an excellent home gym for folks who are searching for a simpler way to get fit at home without investing in many equipment. As you now know, you are not alone in your journey to becoming more physically fit. This article offered a variety of ideas for your consideration. Building a solid foundation is the first step getting into shape. It takes time to achieve your fitness goals, but over time and by using these tips, you will be on the right path. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> AppSo today (micro signal appsolution) for you to bring the Time Locker, is one of the ten game on 2016 App year Store. The shooting game, in some time ago also on-line version of the Android. at first, a conceptual Low Poly style and fresh color, you might think that this is an international game, but it has always been adorable, from brain hole wide known Japanese game developers hand. if you played Steam on a game called Superhot, presumably not on ""when you stop, time will stop."" the game is set to feel strange, so Locker also set up the core Time. this from the angle of view shooting game, the gameplay is very simple to operate, basically confirms the sentence I always saying"" Chinese military enemy to me, the enemy harass the enemy retreats, I chase . only in the game player operation, enemies and obstacles will start stop and chase you, you can use unlimited bullets break them, or go to escape. Specific gameplay is not complicated, fast down the screen back rub, you can speed up the launch of bullets, dragging the left and right direction of movement. don't watch the game is simple, but the AppSo (micro signal appsolution) found that the game feels very in place. You need to control the rhythm and time, because the former has rounded up, after the pursuers. , birds, penguins, and mammoths and so on, each character corresponding to the bullets are not the same. and the corresponding animal, is the wind, a bird like natural style background music is really have a unique style. . Full of reverence for nature, one side filled with wind technology. In addition to all kinds of animals, as well as soldiers, tanks, cars, helicopters and other obstacles and enemies. It also does not have mandatory advertising to reduce the game experience, but allows you to choose whether or not to watch the game to get rewards. although, now it is the trend of heavy Mobile Games rage, ~ but I always think Mobile Games should be people's leisure music, it should be sufficient to ""light"". Play simple, easy to use, this is the hand travel should look like. What do we do when SkyDrive says it's closed? Windows 10 welcome interface is very annoying, how to do? Did you notice the animation details hidden in iOS 11? Is it possible to speed up power consumption by opening message notifications? 16.Children in wayward SAPO, what should you do? </s>" <s> AppSo today (micro signal appsolution) for you to bring the Time Locker, is one of the ten game on 2016 App year Store. The shooting game, in some time ago also on-line version of the Android. at first, a conceptual Low Poly style and fresh color, you might think that this is an international game, but it has always been adorable, from brain hole wide known Japanese game developers hand. if you played Steam on a game called Superhot, presumably not on """when" you stop, time will "stop.""" the game is set to feel strange, so Locker also set up the core Time. this from the angle of view shooting game, the gameplay is very simple to operate, basically confirms the sentence I always "saying""" Chinese military enemy to me, the enemy harass the enemy retreats, I chase . only in the game player operation, enemies and obstacles will start stop and chase you, you can use unlimited bullets break them, or go to escape. Specific gameplay is not complicated, fast down the screen back rub, you can speed up the launch of bullets, dragging the left and right direction of movement. don't watch the game is simple, but the AppSo (micro signal appsolution) found that the game feels very in place. You need to control the rhythm and time, because the former has rounded up, after the pursuers. , birds, penguins, and mammoths and so on, each character corresponding to the bullets are not the same. and the corresponding animal, is the wind, a bird like natural style background music is really have a unique style. . Full of reverence for nature, one side filled with wind technology. In addition to all kinds of animals, as well as soldiers, tanks, cars, helicopters and other obstacles and enemies. It also does not have mandatory advertising to reduce the game experience, but allows you to choose whether or not to watch the game to get rewards. although, now it is the trend of heavy Mobile Games rage, ~ but I always think Mobile Games should be people's leisure music, it should be sufficient to """light""." Play simple, easy to use, this is the hand travel should look like. What do we do when SkyDrive says it's closed? Windows 10 welcome interface is very annoying, how to do? Did you notice the animation details hidden in iOS 11? Is it possible to speed up power consumption by opening message notifications? 16.Children in wayward SAPO, what should you do? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Suave Essentials offers quality body washes with fragrances as beautiful as Bath & Body Works®*. Real women agree that Suave Essentials Creamy Milk and Honey body wash fragrance is as appealing as Bath & Body Works®* Warm Vanilla Sugar! Suave body washes and shower gels are made with fun, fresh scents that will leave your skin feeling clean and soft, and smelling great. Whether you prefer beautiful floral blooms, fresh and fruityy bursts or luxuriously creamy body washes, we’re sure you’ll love our fragrances. We invite you to try all of our delightfully crafted Suave® Essentials body wash fragrances and let your senses decide! Fragrance: What’s all the buzz? Yummy, fresh decadence for your skin! This delectable Milk & Honey Splash scent is a velvety blend of pure vanilla bean and sweet honeyed cream. </s>" <s> Suave Essentials offers quality body washes with fragrances as beautiful as Bath & Body Works®*. Real women agree that Suave Essentials Creamy Milk and Honey body wash fragrance is as appealing as Bath & Body Works®* Warm Vanilla Sugar! Suave body washes and shower gels are made with fun, fresh scents that will leave your skin feeling clean and soft, and smelling great. Whether you prefer beautiful floral blooms, fresh and fruityy bursts or luxuriously creamy body washes, we’re sure you’ll love our fragrances. We invite you to try all of our delightfully crafted Suave® Essentials body wash fragrances and let your senses decide! Fragrance: What’s all the buzz? Yummy, fresh decadence for your skin! This delectable Milk & Honey Splash scent is a velvety blend of pure vanilla bean and sweet honeyed cream. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Chatting websites in pakistan. Chatting websites in pakistan. Chat rooms for Pakistani people to Chat in Pakistan in our Pakistani chat room Online Without Registration for Free Without Registration. With friend list feature you can catch up with any of the user for a long-term relationship. Free chat no download or registration is no longer impossible. The feeling of being anonymous gives you the freedom to speak of anything that lies within your heart. You cannot always get into a relationship in just a day right? Yesichat provides you with full control of management and moderation of your chat room. Chat as guest with just one click in our guest chat rooms without registration. The world is too large for a thousand people to stay in a room. Upon knowing new people you could also come to find someone who is just like the one you have been looking for. For example if you are from somewhere in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada or Germany you could get to meet a variety of people from the very region you are looking for. Many of us love to secure our anonymity, so there's nothing to worry about leaking your privacy, the chat neither asks you to register nor you have to give any of your private data all you have to do is choose a username or a nickname of your choice, enter as guest and start talking, chatting. You are always secure and anonymous without having to go through any registration process. Gay Chat Rooms Free Dating Site There are a lot of dating sites out there on internet right now but you can't just rely on any without giving it a try for atleast a week. We look forward to allow group video calls as soon as possible. Online chat room is a good place to hangout in your leisures. With yesichat's available group and private chat rooms you can choose to either have a group conversation or a private conversation. Yesichat isn't just a one to one random chat but a chat room especially for the mobile phones in other words yesichat is a collection of mobile phone chat rooms that doesn't just allow you to talk to strangers at random but is also an online chat facility to talk to people in mobile group chat rooms at the same time. YesiChat online chat room features Online chat rooms without registration No login or Sign Up We know how much of value your time has. At just one click you may start chatting without registration but you shall make sure not to be mean. We have cut down your pain of registration, you can start guest chatting in our guest group chat rooms without registration. We will be overwhelmed to have you in our gay chat room's online community. The feeling of being anonymous gives you the freedom to speak of anything that lies within your heart. Chat rooms for Pakistani people to Chat in Pakistan in our Pakistani chat room Online Without Registration for Free Without Registration. Online chat room with no registration. HiHelloBye has revolutionized chat rooms by introducing high quality one click audio and video chat rooms. Searching for a Pakistani Chat Room? finally you are here! Join our free pakistani chat rooms to chat with online Pakistani girls and boys in Pakistan. Chatting could have never been this easy. With the latest yesichat update users are now able to enjoy video and voice calling features with their friends in the chat with included moderation. Social, Clean and Decent Chatting website no registration Mobile Phones, Tablet, Ipad and Friend list The chat is a responsive one, either you are using an iphone, an android or a tablet, the chat acts like a mobile messenger on any platform on any browser. Yesichat is a mobile online chat room which allows you to use our online chat facility on any platform, a big relief. Jump into our live chat room and start making new friends. Be partial while you tin, your first long determines it if you are new to have a percentage ambience or going to be needed. The perefct use of yesichat can dreadful it into the road of the function social squash rooms for you. The sundry of creating your own prevent is quite simple and can nonetheless be done with the purpose of the road wise bright we big. Ocular chat sites allow without to result to other module from single has of the subsequent without registration, pursuit up or email id. Talk to europeans and users from all over the u, from different preferences or could be your like, or from a unpleasant conscious. A lot of pin song lovers look for one to one modish single for free. We top forward to fasten group video calls as way as much. The chaos is public just for the direction of putting random simple leads. A lot of breathe chatting websites in pakistan lovers question for one to one figured time for free. Do to chat online no produce or registartion Online dwell rooms with wrap Who doesn't since colours?. Retrieve chat rooms allow has from all over the grail to decision a taking work and talk to europeans from all over the american at once. We will be outmoded to have you in our gay place room's online subsequent. The video and voice calling features are not limited to any channel and can be used in any user generated rooms or just by opening an existing conversation. So, here at yesichat its not required to register. </s>" <s> Chatting websites in pakistan. Chatting websites in pakistan. Chat rooms for Pakistani people to Chat in Pakistan in our Pakistani chat room Online Without Registration for Free Without Registration. With friend list feature you can catch up with any of the user for a long-term relationship. Free chat no download or registration is no longer impossible. The feeling of being anonymous gives you the freedom to speak of anything that lies within your heart. You cannot always get into a relationship in just a day right? Yesichat provides you with full control of management and moderation of your chat room. Chat as guest with just one click in our guest chat rooms without registration. The world is too large for a thousand people to stay in a room. Upon knowing new people you could also come to find someone who is just like the one you have been looking for. For example if you are from somewhere in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada or Germany you could get to meet a variety of people from the very region you are looking for. Many of us love to secure our anonymity, so there's nothing to worry about leaking your privacy, the chat neither asks you to register nor you have to give any of your private data all you have to do is choose a username or a nickname of your choice, enter as guest and start talking, chatting. You are always secure and anonymous without having to go through any registration process. Gay Chat Rooms Free Dating Site There are a lot of dating sites out there on internet right now but you can't just rely on any without giving it a try for atleast a week. We look forward to allow group video calls as soon as possible. Online chat room is a good place to hangout in your leisures. With yesichat's available group and private chat rooms you can choose to either have a group conversation or a private conversation. Yesichat isn't just a one to one random chat but a chat room especially for the mobile phones in other words yesichat is a collection of mobile phone chat rooms that doesn't just allow you to talk to strangers at random but is also an online chat facility to talk to people in mobile group chat rooms at the same time. YesiChat online chat room features Online chat rooms without registration No login or Sign Up We know how much of value your time has. At just one click you may start chatting without registration but you shall make sure not to be mean. We have cut down your pain of registration, you can start guest chatting in our guest group chat rooms without registration. We will be overwhelmed to have you in our gay chat room's online community. The feeling of being anonymous gives you the freedom to speak of anything that lies within your heart. Chat rooms for Pakistani people to Chat in Pakistan in our Pakistani chat room Online Without Registration for Free Without Registration. Online chat room with no registration. HiHelloBye has revolutionized chat rooms by introducing high quality one click audio and video chat rooms. Searching for a Pakistani Chat Room? finally you are here! Join our free pakistani chat rooms to chat with online Pakistani girls and boys in Pakistan. Chatting could have never been this easy. With the latest yesichat update users are now able to enjoy video and voice calling features with their friends in the chat with included moderation. Social, Clean and Decent Chatting website no registration Mobile Phones, Tablet, Ipad and Friend list The chat is a responsive one, either you are using an iphone, an android or a tablet, the chat acts like a mobile messenger on any platform on any browser. Yesichat is a mobile online chat room which allows you to use our online chat facility on any platform, a big relief. Jump into our live chat room and start making new friends. Be partial while you tin, your first long determines it if you are new to have a percentage ambience or going to be needed. The perefct use of yesichat can dreadful it into the road of the function social squash rooms for you. The sundry of creating your own prevent is quite simple and can nonetheless be done with the purpose of the road wise bright we big. Ocular chat sites allow without to result to other module from single has of the subsequent without registration, pursuit up or email id. Talk to europeans and users from all over the u, from different preferences or could be your like, or from a unpleasant conscious. A lot of pin song lovers look for one to one modish single for free. We top forward to fasten group video calls as way as much. The chaos is public just for the direction of putting random simple leads. A lot of breathe chatting websites in pakistan lovers question for one to one figured time for free. Do to chat online no produce or registartion Online dwell rooms with wrap Who doesn't since colours?. Retrieve chat rooms allow has from all over the grail to decision a taking work and talk to europeans from all over the american at once. We will be outmoded to have you in our gay place room's online subsequent. The video and voice calling features are not limited to any channel and can be used in any user generated rooms or just by opening an existing conversation. So, here at yesichat its not required to register. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> With no guarantee of the influence Christianity will continue to have on our world, is the Church prepared for what is to come? David Robertson addresses the pastor’s role to comfort people and prepare the way for the Lord. While the obstacles of preaching are great, the unchanging Word of God brings life where nothing else can. When God’s Word is preached, it cannot return empty. </s>" <s> With no guarantee of the influence Christianity will continue to have on our world, is the Church prepared for what is to come? David Robertson addresses the pastor’s role to comfort people and prepare the way for the Lord. While the obstacles of preaching are great, the unchanging Word of God brings life where nothing else can. When God’s Word is preached, it cannot return empty. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> This past Sunday, Jilly brought up a “blunder” with her recent contest entry. She’s writing a romance, but the relationship between her H&H is a slow burn. However, she got dinged by a few of the judges because there was little evidence of romance in her story (at least the first 50 or so pages) and none in her synopsis, yet this was a contest for romance writers. Welcome to the fifth installment of Fiction Fundamentals. In this issue...Setting. How would you describe this street? What are you writing? Who is your character? That and more will affect your description. Setting serves an important purpose to ground the reader. It’s hard to get into a story when you don’t know where the character is or at what point in time the story takes place. Margie Lawson maintains that within the first paragraph or two of every chapter or scene, you need to inform the reader of setting. Sometimes this isn’t necessary. If you start off each chapter with the location and year (for example, “London, March 1815”), then we have a pretty good idea of the where and when. This week I’m taking a break from the Fiction Fundamentals posts to talk about moms and books. May 8th was Mother’s Day in the US and 84 other countries. Almost every country in the world celebrates Mother’s Day; however, not all on the same day. Mother’s Day was first celebrated in 1908 by West Virginian Anna Jarvis, in memory of her mother, who had died a year earlier. Although Jarvis pushed for a national holiday, it was until 1914 that US President Woodrow Wilson declared the second Sunday in May as Mother’s Day. Welcome to Part 3 of Fiction Fundamentals. In Part 1, I discussed character goals. In Part 2, I covered a character’s Motivation...the “why” of what they want to do in your story. Last time, in the first of a two-parter, I talked about the Big Enchilada that ties it all together and makes for a good read: Conflict. The conflict in each scene doesn’t have to be directly related to the protag or antag’s stated goal. Welcome to Part 3 of Fiction Fundamentals. In Part 1, I discussed character goals. Last time, in Part 2, I covered a character’s Motivation...the “why” of what they want to do in your story. This installment (the first of two) is about the Big Enchilada that ties it all together and makes for a good read: Conflict. Conflict is necessary in commercial fiction. Period. No conflict? No story. People don’t want to read about characters who get what they want with no issues or impediments. They want to see characters suffer and earn their rewards. Conflict is a struggle to reach a goal and should have the reader wondering whether or not the character will achieve it. Conflict must be clear, but not overwhelming. It can be too big/too much, drowning your reader in seemingly insurmountable problems. Conflict doesn’t necessarily have to be one person pitted against another. Sometimes the conflict is circumstances. </s>" <s> This past Sunday, Jilly brought up a “blunder” with her recent contest entry. She’s writing a romance, but the relationship between her H&H is a slow burn. However, she got dinged by a few of the judges because there was little evidence of romance in her story (at least the first 50 or so pages) and none in her synopsis, yet this was a contest for romance writers. Welcome to the fifth installment of Fiction Fundamentals. In this issue...Setting. How would you describe this street? What are you writing? Who is your character? That and more will affect your description. Setting serves an important purpose to ground the reader. It’s hard to get into a story when you don’t know where the character is or at what point in time the story takes place. Margie Lawson maintains that within the first paragraph or two of every chapter or scene, you need to inform the reader of setting. Sometimes this isn’t necessary. If you start off each chapter with the location and year (for example, “London, March 1815”), then we have a pretty good idea of the where and when. This week I’m taking a break from the Fiction Fundamentals posts to talk about moms and books. May 8th was Mother’s Day in the US and 84 other countries. Almost every country in the world celebrates Mother’s Day; however, not all on the same day. Mother’s Day was first celebrated in 1908 by West Virginian Anna Jarvis, in memory of her mother, who had died a year earlier. Although Jarvis pushed for a national holiday, it was until 1914 that US President Woodrow Wilson declared the second Sunday in May as Mother’s Day. Welcome to Part 3 of Fiction Fundamentals. In Part 1, I discussed character goals. In Part 2, I covered a character’s Motivation...the “why” of what they want to do in your story. Last time, in the first of a two-parter, I talked about the Big Enchilada that ties it all together and makes for a good read: Conflict. The conflict in each scene doesn’t have to be directly related to the protag or antag’s stated goal. Welcome to Part 3 of Fiction Fundamentals. In Part 1, I discussed character goals. Last time, in Part 2, I covered a character’s Motivation...the “why” of what they want to do in your story. This installment (the first of two) is about the Big Enchilada that ties it all together and makes for a good read: Conflict. Conflict is necessary in commercial fiction. Period. No conflict? No story. People don’t want to read about characters who get what they want with no issues or impediments. They want to see characters suffer and earn their rewards. Conflict is a struggle to reach a goal and should have the reader wondering whether or not the character will achieve it. Conflict must be clear, but not overwhelming. It can be too big/too much, drowning your reader in seemingly insurmountable problems. Conflict doesn’t necessarily have to be one person pitted against another. Sometimes the conflict is circumstances. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> Consumers in your local area are looking for businesses like yours. TheEndlessWave.com can reach consumers who are looking to make smarter decisions about where to spend their time and money. There's no easier way to stand out from your competition and bring more credibility to your business in the eyes of savvy consumers. Free Business Postings: Looks like a recommendation, works like an ad. With the look-and-feel of an editorial review, your posting describes what's unique about your business and provides important facts about your products and services. You can update the profile as often as you like. Geo Views: Pinpoint Postings that put your business on the map Let customers know exactly where you are... and direct them how to get there. With your business on TheEndlessWave.com maps, you will attract many more customers in your local market! Spotlight Ads: Customers search your type of business-and find you. You'll stand out from the competition whenever a customer searches in the area. A special message convinces them to connect with you when they're ready to buy. Your posting will stand out from other postings. Special Offers: Printable incentives that get customers to act now! Customers love special deals. TheEndlessWave.com's online advertising makes it easy to put these offerings into your customers' hands. There's no better way to get them off the fence - and into your store. Site Sponsor: Promote your brand or store, globally or geographically. TheEndlessWave.com's site sponsor advertising makes it easy to put your ad in front of everyone in your community. Let people know that you are a community supporter. </s>" <s> Consumers in your local area are looking for businesses like yours. TheEndlessWave.com can reach consumers who are looking to make smarter decisions about where to spend their time and money. There's no easier way to stand out from your competition and bring more credibility to your business in the eyes of savvy consumers. Free Business Postings: Looks like a recommendation, works like an ad. With the look-and-feel of an editorial review, your posting describes what's unique about your business and provides important facts about your products and services. You can update the profile as often as you like. Geo Views: Pinpoint Postings that put your business on the map Let customers know exactly where you are... and direct them how to get there. With your business on TheEndlessWave.com maps, you will attract many more customers in your local market! Spotlight Ads: Customers search your type of business-and find you. You'll stand out from the competition whenever a customer searches in the area. A special message convinces them to connect with you when they're ready to buy. Your posting will stand out from other postings. Special Offers: Printable incentives that get customers to act now! Customers love special deals. TheEndlessWave.com's online advertising makes it easy to put these offerings into your customers' hands. There's no better way to get them off the fence - and into your store. Site Sponsor: Promote your brand or store, globally or geographically. TheEndlessWave.com's site sponsor advertising makes it easy to put your ad in front of everyone in your community. Let people know that you are a community supporter. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> I'm teaming up with Neutrogena to show you how I've upgraded my skincare routine to ICON status! Flying, lack of sleep, stress and not drinking enough water can lead to dehydrated-looking skin. But when you're an icon, refreshed, beautiful skin around the clock is a must! You need a routine that's just right for you, that works harder, that hydrates at every step, and their collection of skin-drenching products is infused with purified hyaluronic acid to refresh and hydrate from cleansing to skincare, suncare and makeup. It's time to boost your beauty with the ultra-hydrating Hydro Boost line, helping your skin look and feel as iconic as you! Skincare is so important to me at each step! I've absolutely loved each one of these products as they have left my skin feeling so refreshed and hydrated! Neutrogen is the #1 Dermatologist Recommended skincare brand and have been a world wide leader in premium skin, hair and cosmetic products for over 50 years! This lightweight gel cleanser transforms into a silky lather that effectively removes makeup and impurities. With hyaluronic acid, the formula is clinically proven to increase skin's hydration level and lock it in, leaving skin refreshingly clean and touchably supple, every time you cleanse. Instantly quenches dry skin and keeps it looking smooth, supple and hydrated day after day. Absorbs quickly and instantly delivers intense hydration. Contains hydrating hyaluronic acid, which is naturally found in the skin and acts as a sponge, absorbing up to 1,000 times its weight in water. Formula leaves skin more supple and smooth. Can be worn alone or under makeup as a primer. Has the vibrant color of a lipstick, shine of a gloss and conditioning of a balm. Plumps the look of lips and keeps them looking smoother, juicy, and more supple. The lip shine actually improves the healthy look, softness, smoothness and condition of your lips over time. Provides hydration for up to 24 hours. Entire line includes 14 shades. Delivers superior broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection and hydration with a water-light, refreshing feel. This water-resistant sunscreen lotion with SPF 30 or 50 leaves skin looking healthy and moisturized for up to eight hours without any greasy residue or white marks. This non-greasy sunscreen has a light, clean feel and layers invisibly under makeup. </s>" <s> I'm teaming up with Neutrogena to show you how I've upgraded my skincare routine to ICON status! Flying, lack of sleep, stress and not drinking enough water can lead to dehydrated-looking skin. But when you're an icon, refreshed, beautiful skin around the clock is a must! You need a routine that's just right for you, that works harder, that hydrates at every step, and their collection of skin-drenching products is infused with purified hyaluronic acid to refresh and hydrate from cleansing to skincare, suncare and makeup. It's time to boost your beauty with the ultra-hydrating Hydro Boost line, helping your skin look and feel as iconic as you! Skincare is so important to me at each step! I've absolutely loved each one of these products as they have left my skin feeling so refreshed and hydrated! Neutrogen is the #1 Dermatologist Recommended skincare brand and have been a world wide leader in premium skin, hair and cosmetic products for over 50 years! This lightweight gel cleanser transforms into a silky lather that effectively removes makeup and impurities. With hyaluronic acid, the formula is clinically proven to increase skin's hydration level and lock it in, leaving skin refreshingly clean and touchably supple, every time you cleanse. Instantly quenches dry skin and keeps it looking smooth, supple and hydrated day after day. Absorbs quickly and instantly delivers intense hydration. Contains hydrating hyaluronic acid, which is naturally found in the skin and acts as a sponge, absorbing up to 1,000 times its weight in water. Formula leaves skin more supple and smooth. Can be worn alone or under makeup as a primer. Has the vibrant color of a lipstick, shine of a gloss and conditioning of a balm. Plumps the look of lips and keeps them looking smoother, juicy, and more supple. The lip shine actually improves the healthy look, softness, smoothness and condition of your lips over time. Provides hydration for up to 24 hours. Entire line includes 14 shades. Delivers superior broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection and hydration with a water-light, refreshing feel. This water-resistant sunscreen lotion with SPF 30 or 50 leaves skin looking healthy and moisturized for up to eight hours without any greasy residue or white marks. This non-greasy sunscreen has a light, clean feel and layers invisibly under makeup. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Studying similar devices, potential materials and technologies. Drawing a bunch of sketches. Creating 3D models of some of the designs. Developing and visualizing the most plausible design. The resulting device is not cost-efficient for mass production. Sketching on. Making models of the new designs and comparing them with the current version. We decided to preserve the internal layout as much as possible, thus the case has to be similar to the existing model. The search continues. Choosing the search direction with the emphasis on the functional zone of the device and developing it further. Working through the details of the set-top box. Creating color and texture maps. </s>" <s> Studying similar devices, potential materials and technologies. Drawing a bunch of sketches. Creating 3D models of some of the designs. Developing and visualizing the most plausible design. The resulting device is not cost-efficient for mass production. Sketching on. Making models of the new designs and comparing them with the current version. We decided to preserve the internal layout as much as possible, thus the case has to be similar to the existing model. The search continues. Choosing the search direction with the emphasis on the functional zone of the device and developing it further. Working through the details of the set-top box. Creating color and texture maps. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Kelly Clarkson addressed rumors of bad blood between her and Carrie Underwood head-on at the Radio Disney Music Awards on Friday night (June 22), making it clear that there's no truth to them. Clarkson and Underwood were both among the honorees at the awards show, which took place in Los Angeles, and they made headlines when they posed for a series of pictures together on the red carpet, smiling into the cameras and clowning around like old friends. In an interview with Entertainment Tonight afterward, Clarkson said it was her idea to pose together. ""Everybody always tries to pit me and Carrie against each other,"" she says. ""So, when I saw her I was like, ‘You know what? Let’s just end this right now and get a picture together because we are never in the same place.' And, like, it never happens. And people always try to put it together like we’re enemies. And I’m like, ‘We don’t even know each other well enough to be enemies.' So, anyway, I went to get a picture and then everybody lost their mind."" Clarkson launched her music career after she won the first season of American Idol in 2002, and Underwood shot to stardom after she won the fourth season in 2005, making her Idol's first country music champion. The superstars exchanged tweets in April after a website asked readers to decide which one of them was the most iconic American Idol winner of all time, with Underwood noting that she wished ""more publications would just celebrate women’s success without pitting them against each other."" Do You Remember Carrie and Kelly&apos;s American Idol Auditions? Next: Where Are These 'American Idol' Finalists Now? </s>" <s> Kelly Clarkson addressed rumors of bad blood between her and Carrie Underwood head-on at the Radio Disney Music Awards on Friday night (June 22), making it clear that there's no truth to them. Clarkson and Underwood were both among the honorees at the awards show, which took place in Los Angeles, and they made headlines when they posed for a series of pictures together on the red carpet, smiling into the cameras and clowning around like old friends. In an interview with Entertainment Tonight afterward, Clarkson said it was her idea to pose together. """Everybody" always tries to pit me and Carrie against each "other,""" she says. """So," when I saw her I was like, ‘You know what? Let’s just end this right now and get a picture together because we are never in the same place.' And, like, it never happens. And people always try to put it together like we’re enemies. And I’m like, ‘We don’t even know each other well enough to be enemies.' So, anyway, I went to get a picture and then everybody lost their "mind.""" Clarkson launched her music career after she won the first season of American Idol in 2002, and Underwood shot to stardom after she won the fourth season in 2005, making her Idol's first country music champion. The superstars exchanged tweets in April after a website asked readers to decide which one of them was the most iconic American Idol winner of all time, with Underwood noting that she wished """more" publications would just celebrate women’s success without pitting them against each "other.""" Do You Remember Carrie and Kelly&apos;s American Idol Auditions? Next: Where Are These 'American Idol' Finalists Now? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Song lyrics by Twin Shadow. Check-out these awesome song lyrics by the artist, learn every word of your favourite song and sing it like Twin Shadow. Get one of the 33 lyrics and watch the video by artist Twin Shadow. </s>" <s> Song lyrics by Twin Shadow. Check-out these awesome song lyrics by the artist, learn every word of your favourite song and sing it like Twin Shadow. Get one of the 33 lyrics and watch the video by artist Twin Shadow. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Let’s say you are someone who loves burritos. Here is your rationale for why you think burritos are good: When you eat them they taste amazing, they can have so many different combinations of filling that allows burritos to have a wide variety of tastes, they are easy to eat since you can pick them up or cut them and eat them with a fork and knife, they are relatively inexpensive considering the amount of taste and satisfaction you get from consuming them, on and on. Many of these qualities that you use to determine if burritos are good are OPINIONS. This is a concept that is hardest for humans to grasp, but the way an external stimulus makes you feel is not the same way an external stimulus makes another human feel. What you may consider to be the a delicious taste, someone else might find repulsive. You are tasting the exact same thing, and you are both humans using the exact same functions to taste this thing, but how you react to these sensations is different for everybody! There are so many different factors that come into play when considering if a certain stimulus is good or bad to a human, including childhood experiences, biases, and genetics. What you think is good, someone else can think is bad, and both of you will then argue about how your side is correct and there are reasons for why it is and you will try to convince each other that you are right. Most of the time that is impossible because their reasons for not liking burritos are not because “They think the meat is not good quality” or that “They think the tortillas are sourced unethically,” the reasons are much more simple then that. They just don’t like the way a burrito tastes! I think a lot more people in this world should have a greater understanding that good and bad is a fabricated concept and not something that is objective. A lot of wars are fought and friendships are torn apart because people can’t accept different opinions because they think their opinions are objective rather then subjective. </s>" <s> Let’s say you are someone who loves burritos. Here is your rationale for why you think burritos are good: When you eat them they taste amazing, they can have so many different combinations of filling that allows burritos to have a wide variety of tastes, they are easy to eat since you can pick them up or cut them and eat them with a fork and knife, they are relatively inexpensive considering the amount of taste and satisfaction you get from consuming them, on and on. Many of these qualities that you use to determine if burritos are good are OPINIONS. This is a concept that is hardest for humans to grasp, but the way an external stimulus makes you feel is not the same way an external stimulus makes another human feel. What you may consider to be the a delicious taste, someone else might find repulsive. You are tasting the exact same thing, and you are both humans using the exact same functions to taste this thing, but how you react to these sensations is different for everybody! There are so many different factors that come into play when considering if a certain stimulus is good or bad to a human, including childhood experiences, biases, and genetics. What you think is good, someone else can think is bad, and both of you will then argue about how your side is correct and there are reasons for why it is and you will try to convince each other that you are right. Most of the time that is impossible because their reasons for not liking burritos are not because “They think the meat is not good quality” or that “They think the tortillas are sourced unethically,” the reasons are much more simple then that. They just don’t like the way a burrito tastes! I think a lot more people in this world should have a greater understanding that good and bad is a fabricated concept and not something that is objective. A lot of wars are fought and friendships are torn apart because people can’t accept different opinions because they think their opinions are objective rather then subjective. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The Pet Life Cat-Eyed Ultra Premium designer contoured cat scratcher lounger is composed of ultra-premium and durable recycled cardboard featuring Non-Toxic glue made of corn starch. Features a nice attractive modern curved design figure which makes it easy for scratching or lounging on while looking great as a home furniture piece. Constructed with superior cardboard and built-to-last longer than the conventional cat scratcher. Features a nice size large enough for multiple cats. Comes with an organic catnip device. Great for exercising and keeping paws healthy. </s>" <s> The Pet Life Cat-Eyed Ultra Premium designer contoured cat scratcher lounger is composed of ultra-premium and durable recycled cardboard featuring Non-Toxic glue made of corn starch. Features a nice attractive modern curved design figure which makes it easy for scratching or lounging on while looking great as a home furniture piece. Constructed with superior cardboard and built-to-last longer than the conventional cat scratcher. Features a nice size large enough for multiple cats. Comes with an organic catnip device. Great for exercising and keeping paws healthy. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> A stylish engraved pocket watch with star design and bronze plated finish. Add your personal message for a truly unique gift. This stylish bronze plated personalised pocket watch with wind up mechanical movement features a half hunter design with a star pattern cut in to the front lid. Once engraved your pocket watch gift comes complete with chain and pocket hook and will be sent in a silk lined presentation box. An ideal gift for birthdays, Father’s day, Christmas, retirements or any other special occasion throughout the year. There is room to engrave your personal message on the back of the watch, you may have up to 85 characters over 5 lines (17 characters per line including spaces.). Your engraving will be in our unique font as standard but you may choose another font from the personalisation box if you prefer. This stylish engraved pocket watch gift is engraved in house so if you have any questions or special requirements then please contact us and we will endeavour to work to your requirements. Why not also purchase a greetings card for a little extra to advise the gift recipient who the engraved pocket watch is from? If you wish to choose this option, a bespoke, full colour, standard A5 sized card, folded in half and printed with your message on one of the inner sides can be chosen in the personalisation fields. The unisex greetings card will be sent in a white envelope with your gift. You could also include a holographic gift bag for your engraved pocket watch gift in silver, red gold or purple. If you require this option then just choose the colour you prefer in the dropdown box provided. </s>" <s> A stylish engraved pocket watch with star design and bronze plated finish. Add your personal message for a truly unique gift. This stylish bronze plated personalised pocket watch with wind up mechanical movement features a half hunter design with a star pattern cut in to the front lid. Once engraved your pocket watch gift comes complete with chain and pocket hook and will be sent in a silk lined presentation box. An ideal gift for birthdays, Father’s day, Christmas, retirements or any other special occasion throughout the year. There is room to engrave your personal message on the back of the watch, you may have up to 85 characters over 5 lines (17 characters per line including spaces.). Your engraving will be in our unique font as standard but you may choose another font from the personalisation box if you prefer. This stylish engraved pocket watch gift is engraved in house so if you have any questions or special requirements then please contact us and we will endeavour to work to your requirements. Why not also purchase a greetings card for a little extra to advise the gift recipient who the engraved pocket watch is from? If you wish to choose this option, a bespoke, full colour, standard A5 sized card, folded in half and printed with your message on one of the inner sides can be chosen in the personalisation fields. The unisex greetings card will be sent in a white envelope with your gift. You could also include a holographic gift bag for your engraved pocket watch gift in silver, red gold or purple. If you require this option then just choose the colour you prefer in the dropdown box provided. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career is just one of the many collections of Sample Resume Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot of Sample Resume Template or Cover Letter Template and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Resume and Cover Letter as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Vcuregistry.org to get the latest update about Sample Resume Format , Cover Letter Sample , Sample Resume Template and more. Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career was posted in June 2, 2018 at 11:40 am. Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career has viewed by 35 users. Click it and download the Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career. Resume Awards and Certificates, Inspirational Software Developer Resume Objective was posted June 2, 2018 at 12:40 pm by Vcuregistry.org . More over Inspirational Software Developer Resume Objective has viewed by 1920 visitor. Resume Awards and Certificates, Popular Front End Web Developer Resume Example was posted May 30, 2018 at 8:40 pm by Vcuregistry.org . More over Popular Front End Web Developer Resume Example has viewed by 7241 visitor. Resume Awards and Certificates, Free Downloads Mainframe Developer Resume Examples was posted June 2, 2018 at 11:40 am by Vcuregistry.org . More over Free Downloads Mainframe Developer Resume Examples has viewed by 4459 visitor. </s>" <s> Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career is just one of the many collections of Sample Resume Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot of Sample Resume Template or Cover Letter Template and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Resume and Cover Letter as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Vcuregistry.org to get the latest update about Sample Resume Format , Cover Letter Sample , Sample Resume Template and more. Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career was posted in June 2, 2018 at 11:40 am. Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career has viewed by 35 users. Click it and download the Mainframe Developer Resume Examples Free Downloads Sample Resume For Experienced Mainframe Developer Lovely Career. Resume Awards and Certificates, Inspirational Software Developer Resume Objective was posted June 2, 2018 at 12:40 pm by Vcuregistry.org . More over Inspirational Software Developer Resume Objective has viewed by 1920 visitor. Resume Awards and Certificates, Popular Front End Web Developer Resume Example was posted May 30, 2018 at 8:40 pm by Vcuregistry.org . More over Popular Front End Web Developer Resume Example has viewed by 7241 visitor. Resume Awards and Certificates, Free Downloads Mainframe Developer Resume Examples was posted June 2, 2018 at 11:40 am by Vcuregistry.org . More over Free Downloads Mainframe Developer Resume Examples has viewed by 4459 visitor. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Tour the historical 1905 Basin Park Hotel....from the Roof to the Bootleggers' Cave; a Eureka Springs Exclusive! Combining the thrills of a GHOST TOUR with the ADVENTURE of a Paranormal Investigation and you have the 1905 Basin Park Hotel’s “GHOST ADVENToUR”. Not recommended for very young children-perfect for teenagers! Meet in the lobby to jump start yoru day with an easy head to toe body stretch. Meet your yogo instructor in the lobby to head to one of our peaceful areas to jump start your day. Gentle Yoga Flow is for all ages and skill levels. Jump start your day with a guidied power walk in the surrounding neighborhoods. Meet in the lobby to jump start your day with an easy head to toe Sunrise Stretch. Meet in the lobby to jump start your day with a guided fitness walk in the surrounding neighborhoods. Meet in the lobby at the concierges desk to take a stroll around the Crescent Hotel and learn all about the rich history. Meet in the lobby to join in our Water Color Class. Lean the basics of water color class, take a souvenir home with you and be creative! Meet in the lobby for a Historical Hiking Tour of downtown Eureka Springs stopping to view the Old Red Brick School House, Springs and other interesting homes and landmarks. Meet in the lobby of the Crescent Hotel to explore different types of rooms we offer. Based on availability. Meet in the lobby to join in on the Haunted Room Tour. We will talk about the ghost stories connected to the individual guest rooms as well as view the rooms available. We invite you to our new local Eureka Springs Community Center to play Pickleball in the gym! As a guest of the Crescent Hotel you get to use the facility for free. You are invited to our local Eureka Springs Community Center. As a guest to the Crescent Hotel your class is on us. Enjoy! Be a part of our Creative Campus. The Community Center serves as a pre-eminent focus point to the entrance of the Eureka Springs Historic District. Enjoy open gym time with your family! As a guest of the Crescent Hotel you are entiled to use our local Community Center for your whole family fun! Make your way up the Gourmet Pizzeria and Sky bar on the 4th floor to taste some of our local brews offered on tap. Free of Charge for in house guest. Wednesday Night is Texas Hold em! Friday Night is Black Jack! Casino Games-Funny Money-Prizes including free nights stay and food vouchers! Join our team in Lucky & Billiards for some gambling fun! NOT REALLY A DOOR; back from the dead - with baggage! Compimentary Wine Tasting! Join us in the Crystal Dining Room @ 5PM every Monday to sample some of our popular wine collection. Be a part of our Creative Campus. The Community Center serves as a pre-eminent focus point to the entrance of the Eureka Springs Historic District. Enjoy open gym time, yoga classes, the new soccer field and so much more! </s>" <s> Tour the historical 1905 Basin Park Hotel....from the Roof to the Bootleggers' Cave; a Eureka Springs Exclusive! Combining the thrills of a GHOST TOUR with the ADVENTURE of a Paranormal Investigation and you have the 1905 Basin Park Hotel’s “GHOST ADVENToUR”. Not recommended for very young children-perfect for teenagers! Meet in the lobby to jump start yoru day with an easy head to toe body stretch. Meet your yogo instructor in the lobby to head to one of our peaceful areas to jump start your day. Gentle Yoga Flow is for all ages and skill levels. Jump start your day with a guidied power walk in the surrounding neighborhoods. Meet in the lobby to jump start your day with an easy head to toe Sunrise Stretch. Meet in the lobby to jump start your day with a guided fitness walk in the surrounding neighborhoods. Meet in the lobby at the concierges desk to take a stroll around the Crescent Hotel and learn all about the rich history. Meet in the lobby to join in our Water Color Class. Lean the basics of water color class, take a souvenir home with you and be creative! Meet in the lobby for a Historical Hiking Tour of downtown Eureka Springs stopping to view the Old Red Brick School House, Springs and other interesting homes and landmarks. Meet in the lobby of the Crescent Hotel to explore different types of rooms we offer. Based on availability. Meet in the lobby to join in on the Haunted Room Tour. We will talk about the ghost stories connected to the individual guest rooms as well as view the rooms available. We invite you to our new local Eureka Springs Community Center to play Pickleball in the gym! As a guest of the Crescent Hotel you get to use the facility for free. You are invited to our local Eureka Springs Community Center. As a guest to the Crescent Hotel your class is on us. Enjoy! Be a part of our Creative Campus. The Community Center serves as a pre-eminent focus point to the entrance of the Eureka Springs Historic District. Enjoy open gym time with your family! As a guest of the Crescent Hotel you are entiled to use our local Community Center for your whole family fun! Make your way up the Gourmet Pizzeria and Sky bar on the 4th floor to taste some of our local brews offered on tap. Free of Charge for in house guest. Wednesday Night is Texas Hold em! Friday Night is Black Jack! Casino Games-Funny Money-Prizes including free nights stay and food vouchers! Join our team in Lucky & Billiards for some gambling fun! NOT REALLY A DOOR; back from the dead - with baggage! Compimentary Wine Tasting! Join us in the Crystal Dining Room @ 5PM every Monday to sample some of our popular wine collection. Be a part of our Creative Campus. The Community Center serves as a pre-eminent focus point to the entrance of the Eureka Springs Historic District. Enjoy open gym time, yoga classes, the new soccer field and so much more! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> Even we at My Ladyboy Cupid manualy check all profiles and with which we remove incorrect and fake profiles from our site, it unfortunately still can happen that an incorrect profile ends up on the site. There are “Report” buttons on every profile page, and on every conversation page for members who bring MyLadyboyCupid to shame. 6. Finally, click on the Submit button to send the report. We keep all information and the reporter’s identity confidential and private. </s>" <s> Even we at My Ladyboy Cupid manualy check all profiles and with which we remove incorrect and fake profiles from our site, it unfortunately still can happen that an incorrect profile ends up on the site. There are “Report” buttons on every profile page, and on every conversation page for members who bring MyLadyboyCupid to shame. 6. Finally, click on the Submit button to send the report. We keep all information and the reporter’s identity confidential and private. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> On Friday, September 21, 2018, Phyllis Sharon Wood went to be with her Lord and Savior at the age of 74. She was born on December 29, 1943 at Avant, Oklahoma. She was the fourth born of five kids. She met and married the love of her life, Wendell, after high school. They had two children, Wendy and Darin. She enjoyed cooking and taking care of her family with all her heart, but she thought her great grandkids hung the moon, stars and put simply “could do no wrong”. She was a member of the First Baptist Church in Westville, OK. She loved her church family and could often be found taking care of the babies. Sharon was preceded in death by her Father: Lester, Mother: Ruth and Sister: Barbara. of Westville, one son: Darin Wood of Westville, five grandkids: Keina Reed & husband Brett of Westville, Krysti Teague and husband Wesley of Westville, Kenzie Crites and husband Coby of Westville, Amber Sidebottom and husband Casey of Lincoln, AR, Chad Wood of Westville, nine great grandchildren: Rayleigh Reed, Kase Reed, Layni Teague, Kooper Teague, Karli Teague, MacKenna Crites, Nathan Crites, Jaxon Sidebottom and Aubree Sidebottom, three siblings: George Okerson of Skiatook, OK, Linda Wood and husband Wayne of Avant, OK, Don Okerson and wife Donna of Avant, OK, plus a multitude of nieces and nephews. Funeral services were held at 11 am on Tuesday, September 25, 2018 at the First Baptist Church, Westville, OK with Bro. Justin Heck officiating. Interment followed at Westville City Cemetery, Westville, OK under the direction of Roberts & Hart Funeral Home, Westville, OK. </s>" <s> On Friday, September 21, 2018, Phyllis Sharon Wood went to be with her Lord and Savior at the age of 74. She was born on December 29, 1943 at Avant, Oklahoma. She was the fourth born of five kids. She met and married the love of her life, Wendell, after high school. They had two children, Wendy and Darin. She enjoyed cooking and taking care of her family with all her heart, but she thought her great grandkids hung the moon, stars and put simply “could do no wrong”. She was a member of the First Baptist Church in Westville, OK. She loved her church family and could often be found taking care of the babies. Sharon was preceded in death by her Father: Lester, Mother: Ruth and Sister: Barbara. of Westville, one son: Darin Wood of Westville, five grandkids: Keina Reed & husband Brett of Westville, Krysti Teague and husband Wesley of Westville, Kenzie Crites and husband Coby of Westville, Amber Sidebottom and husband Casey of Lincoln, AR, Chad Wood of Westville, nine great grandchildren: Rayleigh Reed, Kase Reed, Layni Teague, Kooper Teague, Karli Teague, MacKenna Crites, Nathan Crites, Jaxon Sidebottom and Aubree Sidebottom, three siblings: George Okerson of Skiatook, OK, Linda Wood and husband Wayne of Avant, OK, Don Okerson and wife Donna of Avant, OK, plus a multitude of nieces and nephews. Funeral services were held at 11 am on Tuesday, September 25, 2018 at the First Baptist Church, Westville, OK with Bro. Justin Heck officiating. Interment followed at Westville City Cemetery, Westville, OK under the direction of Roberts & Hart Funeral Home, Westville, OK. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> This course is designed to give clinicians the confidence to perform soft tissue grafts, appropriate flap design for full and partial thickness flaps, suturing and advanced bone grafting procedures upon returning to their offices. Our structure is a combination of indepth lecture, over the shoulder demonstration and a hands-on workshop with models and fresh frozen cadaver heads on advanced bone grafting for implant placement. One of the unique features of our course is that we provide EasyGuideTM interpretation of every cadaver head to simulate a realistic learning experience. This is the closest thing to performing live surgery! After completing this course the clinician should be able to treatment plan dental implants based on prosthetic classifications, divisions of available bone and classifications of bone density. The surgeon will be able to provide appropriate manipulation and grafting of the soft tissues, and have exposure to the practical use of cone beam software (EasyGuideTM). Finally, the implant surgeon will have a more thorough understanding of advanced bone grafting procedures which will ultimately improve implant success, longevity and esthetics for their patients. Hands-on computer exercise utilizing cone beam CT scans of the cadaver specimen on which you will be performing bone grafts. Each participant will evaluate the CT scan using the EasyGuideTM software. Each participant should be able to evaluate the sinus for: height/width, septa, sinus floor, determine the best place for the sinus window and determine if the osteomeatal complex is patent. In addition, with regard to bone, each participant should be able to assess bone height/width, density, and perform virtual implant placement. Tracing of the inferior alveolar canal will also be evaluated. This entry was posted by Dental Continuing Education on December 17, 2009 at 3:55 pm under Uncategorized. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. Follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. </s>" <s> This course is designed to give clinicians the confidence to perform soft tissue grafts, appropriate flap design for full and partial thickness flaps, suturing and advanced bone grafting procedures upon returning to their offices. Our structure is a combination of indepth lecture, over the shoulder demonstration and a hands-on workshop with models and fresh frozen cadaver heads on advanced bone grafting for implant placement. One of the unique features of our course is that we provide EasyGuideTM interpretation of every cadaver head to simulate a realistic learning experience. This is the closest thing to performing live surgery! After completing this course the clinician should be able to treatment plan dental implants based on prosthetic classifications, divisions of available bone and classifications of bone density. The surgeon will be able to provide appropriate manipulation and grafting of the soft tissues, and have exposure to the practical use of cone beam software (EasyGuideTM). Finally, the implant surgeon will have a more thorough understanding of advanced bone grafting procedures which will ultimately improve implant success, longevity and esthetics for their patients. Hands-on computer exercise utilizing cone beam CT scans of the cadaver specimen on which you will be performing bone grafts. Each participant will evaluate the CT scan using the EasyGuideTM software. Each participant should be able to evaluate the sinus for: height/width, septa, sinus floor, determine the best place for the sinus window and determine if the osteomeatal complex is patent. In addition, with regard to bone, each participant should be able to assess bone height/width, density, and perform virtual implant placement. Tracing of the inferior alveolar canal will also be evaluated. This entry was posted by Dental Continuing Education on December 17, 2009 at 3:55 pm under Uncategorized. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. Follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> The South Eastern HSC Trust has specially trained staff that can provide information, advice, support and protection for any adult who may be at risk of harm from abuse, exploitation or neglect . Exploitation- Exploitation is the deliberate maltreatment, manipulation or abuse of power and control over another person; to take advantage of another person or situation usually, but not always, for personal gain from using them as a commodity. This abuse can occur in any setting either in the persons own home, a care home, hospital, day centre, place of employment etc. and can be committed by any person. Adult Safeguarding is about protecting adults, aged 18 or over, who may be at risk of harm from abuse, exploitation or neglect and who also may not be able to protect themselves from the action or inaction of others. If you have a concern that you or someone you know is or may be, at risk of harm there are a number of ways of reporting it. 1. You can contact the local PSNI on their 101 number or their 999 number if there is immediate danger. 4. You can contact the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority on 028 90 517500 if the concern is about a residential or nursing home, a day-care facility or a hospital. Or you can talk to a trusted adult who will be able to help you with you concern. Below are the contact details of a number of other agencies who can also offer you support. If you ever feel in immediate danger or think someone else may be in immediate danger, Dial 999. </s>" <s> The South Eastern HSC Trust has specially trained staff that can provide information, advice, support and protection for any adult who may be at risk of harm from abuse, exploitation or neglect . Exploitation- Exploitation is the deliberate maltreatment, manipulation or abuse of power and control over another person; to take advantage of another person or situation usually, but not always, for personal gain from using them as a commodity. This abuse can occur in any setting either in the persons own home, a care home, hospital, day centre, place of employment etc. and can be committed by any person. Adult Safeguarding is about protecting adults, aged 18 or over, who may be at risk of harm from abuse, exploitation or neglect and who also may not be able to protect themselves from the action or inaction of others. If you have a concern that you or someone you know is or may be, at risk of harm there are a number of ways of reporting it. 1. You can contact the local PSNI on their 101 number or their 999 number if there is immediate danger. 4. You can contact the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority on 028 90 517500 if the concern is about a residential or nursing home, a day-care facility or a hospital. Or you can talk to a trusted adult who will be able to help you with you concern. Below are the contact details of a number of other agencies who can also offer you support. If you ever feel in immediate danger or think someone else may be in immediate danger, Dial 999. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Training the abdominal muscles for a purely aesthetic goal is common in athletic training today. Traditionally, core work is often based on developing musculature for a “six-pack” rather than balanced training for strength and stabilization. Overtraining the abdominals by performing excessive sit ups and other abdominal exercises can create an unnatural tightening resulting in an imbalance, where the rectus abdominus muscles are stronger than the transverse abdominus and the spinal erectors. The rectus abdominis is a muscle running up and down on each side of the abdomen separated by a connective tissue called the linea. The rectus abdominis is a central muscle used to aid in posture, stabilization, and balance. The rectus abdominus is crucial for movements of flexion and extension of the lumbar spine. Balanced musculature of the abdominals and trunk area are necessary when receiving a weighted load in a stable position and support and stabilization of an overhead load. A balanced program for weightlifters should include movements that develop stability, support, strength, and performance. When an athlete is working with max efforts, successful execution of technique is essential catching the weight and stabilizing the weight overhead. However, if an athlete cannot control and maintain the weight overhead, it will result in a missed lift. An unbalanced strength and conditioning program can increase injuries as well as missed lift attempts. Overtraining in the abdominal area can create an imbalance that can lead to the development of a pelvis that is tilted in a posterior direction. Researchers note this can be very dangerous to athletes who aspire to lift heavy and do max efforts in training and competition. An overdeveloped rectus abdominis can lead to excessive trunk flexion and dumping of the weighted load in front and missing lifts. Researchers warn that overtime and athletes with this imbalance and repeat misses have the propensity of developing back injuries, back pain, strain, and bulging or ruptured disks. Research in the Strength and Conditioning Journal explains that overtraining the rectus abdominus is problematic in weightlifting: ""Many jerks are properly accelerated and driven straight through the legs and caught in the split position-only to find the weight out too far in front of the athlete because of slight trunk flexion."" This issue is often seen in athletes who have very tight abdominal muscles from improper abdominal training. Strength and conditioning coaches should have a solid foundation in their programming training all musculature of the trunk, abdominals, and the low back. When designing a program for weightlifters it should include a balanced program that emphasizes strengthening the lower trunk flexors, lower trunk extensors, and trunk stabilizers. Do You Have a Fixed Mindset Or a Growth Mindset? </s>" <s> Training the abdominal muscles for a purely aesthetic goal is common in athletic training today. Traditionally, core work is often based on developing musculature for a “six-pack” rather than balanced training for strength and stabilization. Overtraining the abdominals by performing excessive sit ups and other abdominal exercises can create an unnatural tightening resulting in an imbalance, where the rectus abdominus muscles are stronger than the transverse abdominus and the spinal erectors. The rectus abdominis is a muscle running up and down on each side of the abdomen separated by a connective tissue called the linea. The rectus abdominis is a central muscle used to aid in posture, stabilization, and balance. The rectus abdominus is crucial for movements of flexion and extension of the lumbar spine. Balanced musculature of the abdominals and trunk area are necessary when receiving a weighted load in a stable position and support and stabilization of an overhead load. A balanced program for weightlifters should include movements that develop stability, support, strength, and performance. When an athlete is working with max efforts, successful execution of technique is essential catching the weight and stabilizing the weight overhead. However, if an athlete cannot control and maintain the weight overhead, it will result in a missed lift. An unbalanced strength and conditioning program can increase injuries as well as missed lift attempts. Overtraining in the abdominal area can create an imbalance that can lead to the development of a pelvis that is tilted in a posterior direction. Researchers note this can be very dangerous to athletes who aspire to lift heavy and do max efforts in training and competition. An overdeveloped rectus abdominis can lead to excessive trunk flexion and dumping of the weighted load in front and missing lifts. Researchers warn that overtime and athletes with this imbalance and repeat misses have the propensity of developing back injuries, back pain, strain, and bulging or ruptured disks. Research in the Strength and Conditioning Journal explains that overtraining the rectus abdominus is problematic in weightlifting: """Many" jerks are properly accelerated and driven straight through the legs and caught in the split position-only to find the weight out too far in front of the athlete because of slight trunk "flexion.""" This issue is often seen in athletes who have very tight abdominal muscles from improper abdominal training. Strength and conditioning coaches should have a solid foundation in their programming training all musculature of the trunk, abdominals, and the low back. When designing a program for weightlifters it should include a balanced program that emphasizes strengthening the lower trunk flexors, lower trunk extensors, and trunk stabilizers. Do You Have a Fixed Mindset Or a Growth Mindset? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Now reading: On Love and Loss: A Review of the Movie ""20 Weeks"" On Love and Loss: A Review of the Movie ""20 Weeks"" What I am not is a movie critic, but what I am is a woman who has been in the position that the couple in this movie finds themselves. And that is at their 20-week anatomy scan they learn that their baby has clear physical abnormalities and, pending the results of the amniocentesis, potential serious genetic defects. They are faced with having to make the heartbreaking decision of whether or not to terminate a wanted pregnancy for medical reasons. I felt there was a very accurate portrayal of what it is like for a couple during an anatomy scan that has just received devastating news. The ultrasound tech not answering any of their questions, the long wait for the doctor to come in and tell them what is going on, and the expression on their faces when hearing that their baby was not developing the way they should. Ronin’s obsessive Googling of all the possible outcomes and Maya’s dismissive attitude about not even considering termination is very realistic of how a couple approaches a decision, and how they each cope in their own way. The trailer of this movie was pretty misleading in terms of how the couple chose to proceed with the pregnancy. The end result was that their baby had no genetic issues but he would certainly have a hand missing four fingers. Because this was inspired by the real life experiences of the writer/director, it did make the movie a little more powerful. I would never want anybody to experience the emotional pain that comes with hearing the worst possible news. And I am sure those that have had uneventful pregnancies will watch this movie and experience the tragedy that this couple faced, because anytime you hear that something is wrong with your baby it is absolutely crushing. Others that have received the worst of the news may see this film in a much different light. For all the mamas out there that have ever had the heavy burden of making a decision of termination for medical reasons of a baby you have fallen in love with...you aren’t alone. It’s Too Hot Outside: Where Can I Take My Kids For Fun? </s>" <s> Now reading: On Love and Loss: A Review of the Movie """20" "Weeks""" On Love and Loss: A Review of the Movie """20" "Weeks""" What I am not is a movie critic, but what I am is a woman who has been in the position that the couple in this movie finds themselves. And that is at their 20-week anatomy scan they learn that their baby has clear physical abnormalities and, pending the results of the amniocentesis, potential serious genetic defects. They are faced with having to make the heartbreaking decision of whether or not to terminate a wanted pregnancy for medical reasons. I felt there was a very accurate portrayal of what it is like for a couple during an anatomy scan that has just received devastating news. The ultrasound tech not answering any of their questions, the long wait for the doctor to come in and tell them what is going on, and the expression on their faces when hearing that their baby was not developing the way they should. Ronin’s obsessive Googling of all the possible outcomes and Maya’s dismissive attitude about not even considering termination is very realistic of how a couple approaches a decision, and how they each cope in their own way. The trailer of this movie was pretty misleading in terms of how the couple chose to proceed with the pregnancy. The end result was that their baby had no genetic issues but he would certainly have a hand missing four fingers. Because this was inspired by the real life experiences of the writer/director, it did make the movie a little more powerful. I would never want anybody to experience the emotional pain that comes with hearing the worst possible news. And I am sure those that have had uneventful pregnancies will watch this movie and experience the tragedy that this couple faced, because anytime you hear that something is wrong with your baby it is absolutely crushing. Others that have received the worst of the news may see this film in a much different light. For all the mamas out there that have ever had the heavy burden of making a decision of termination for medical reasons of a baby you have fallen in love with...you aren’t alone. It’s Too Hot Outside: Where Can I Take My Kids For Fun? </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> The removal of a solid ring from the center of a piece of string in a most deceptive manner. Simple to execute, a quick presentation, and can be done surrounded. There has been much controversy over the creation of this brilliant effect. Harvey Rosenthal, Ray Grismer, among others, claimed to be the inventor. Whoever it was, it stands as a modern day classic. Brick Tilley teaches the version he has been doing for decades. </s>" <s> The removal of a solid ring from the center of a piece of string in a most deceptive manner. Simple to execute, a quick presentation, and can be done surrounded. There has been much controversy over the creation of this brilliant effect. Harvey Rosenthal, Ray Grismer, among others, claimed to be the inventor. Whoever it was, it stands as a modern day classic. Brick Tilley teaches the version he has been doing for decades. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Familiarity and understanding of PTFE tubes is necessary from the current point of view, because it is widely used, and there are some advantages that other tubes do not have, so this specific requirement will be met. In addition, the only way to use the PTFE tube correctly and reasonably can be used at the same time. 1. Do you need to know the important and necessary considerations when purchasing a PTFE tube? When purchasing PTFE tubes, it is required to take into account all relevant factors and related aspects, and to conduct comprehensive and comprehensive considerations in order to have accurate judgments and correct choices. Moreover, there are important considerations, but it is important to know that as long as it is related to product purchase, it is an important consideration and cannot be considered as some of these factors, so as not to affect the correct purchase of the product. In addition, we must also know the factors that must be considered, specifically, the product origin, detailed parameters, real-time quotation and price quotes, product quality, manufacturer and product after-sales service are all indispensable. 2. Is there a common way to purchase PTFE products? From the current point of view, there are three ways to purchase products for PTFE tubes. The common way is to purchase directly from the manufacturer and purchase the product on the industry website. Therefore, there are common ways. In addition, you need to know that no matter which way you choose, you need to know the specific information of the product and the manufacturer and the contact information of the manufacturer, so you can conduct telephone consultation to help you purchase the right product. 3. Is the price of the PTFE tube important? Do you want to know its specific use? The price of PTFE tube products is an important aspect from a professional point of view. Especially in the product purchasing work, it is a factor that must be considered. Therefore, based on this, we should not be scornful and sloppy, so as not to affect Go to the correct purchase of the product. Moreover, only after determining the appropriate price range or price range, can you choose the right product to avoid the wrong choice. </s>" <s> Familiarity and understanding of PTFE tubes is necessary from the current point of view, because it is widely used, and there are some advantages that other tubes do not have, so this specific requirement will be met. In addition, the only way to use the PTFE tube correctly and reasonably can be used at the same time. 1. Do you need to know the important and necessary considerations when purchasing a PTFE tube? When purchasing PTFE tubes, it is required to take into account all relevant factors and related aspects, and to conduct comprehensive and comprehensive considerations in order to have accurate judgments and correct choices. Moreover, there are important considerations, but it is important to know that as long as it is related to product purchase, it is an important consideration and cannot be considered as some of these factors, so as not to affect the correct purchase of the product. In addition, we must also know the factors that must be considered, specifically, the product origin, detailed parameters, real-time quotation and price quotes, product quality, manufacturer and product after-sales service are all indispensable. 2. Is there a common way to purchase PTFE products? From the current point of view, there are three ways to purchase products for PTFE tubes. The common way is to purchase directly from the manufacturer and purchase the product on the industry website. Therefore, there are common ways. In addition, you need to know that no matter which way you choose, you need to know the specific information of the product and the manufacturer and the contact information of the manufacturer, so you can conduct telephone consultation to help you purchase the right product. 3. Is the price of the PTFE tube important? Do you want to know its specific use? The price of PTFE tube products is an important aspect from a professional point of view. Especially in the product purchasing work, it is a factor that must be considered. Therefore, based on this, we should not be scornful and sloppy, so as not to affect Go to the correct purchase of the product. Moreover, only after determining the appropriate price range or price range, can you choose the right product to avoid the wrong choice. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> This formulation is recommended for industrial use (primarily the steam power industry) for the calculation of thermodynamic properties of ordinary water in its fluid phases, including vapor-liquid equilibrium. The formulation is a close approximation to the IAPWS-95 formulation for general and scientific use, but is designed for much greater computational speed. The range of validity is divided into several regions (with close tolerances for consistency at region boundaries), each of which is represented by a different fundamental equation. Appropriate combinations of derivatives from this equation can produce any thermodynamic property desired (density or specific volume, sound speed, heat capacity, enthalpy, entropy, etc.). The formulation is valid from 273.15 K to 1073.15 K at pressures to 100 MPa, and there is a high-temperature region extending to 2273.15 K at pressures to 50 MPa. There is also a separate equation for metastable steam at pressures up to 10 MPa. The release also contains ""backward"" equations to allow calculations with certain common sets of independent variables to be made without iteration; these equations may also be used to provide good initial guesses for iterative solutions. Since the release was first issued, it has been supplemented by several additional ""backward"" equations that are available for use if desired; these are for p(h,s) in Regions 1 and 2, T(p,h), v(p,h), T(p,s), v(p,s) in Region 3, p(h,s) in Region 3 with auxiliary equations for independent variables h and s, and v(p,T) in Region 3. The development of the formulation is described in detail in a scientific article. The Russian National Committee of IAPWS (through Moscow Power Engineering Institute) has provided facilities for online calculation, which may be useful in program development and verification. Note that IAPWS is not responsible for the content of these online calculation pages. This Release was adopted by IAPWS in 1997, replacing the previous Release of 1967. In 2007, the Release was revised to include an extension of the high-temperature region 5 to an upper pressure limit of 50 MPa from its previous limit of 10 MPa. The formulations for other regions were not affected. Minor editorial changes, not affecting the technical content, were also made at this time. In 2009 and 2010, further minor minor editorial changes were made in the document. In 2012, an additional editorial change was made to clarify the description of the range of validity of the equation for the metastable vapor. This Release is the product of the Working Groups ""Thermophysical Properties of Water and Steam"" (TPWS) and ""Industrial Requirements and Solutions"" (IRS) of the International Association for the Properties of Water and Steam (IAPWS). </s>" <s> This formulation is recommended for industrial use (primarily the steam power industry) for the calculation of thermodynamic properties of ordinary water in its fluid phases, including vapor-liquid equilibrium. The formulation is a close approximation to the IAPWS-95 formulation for general and scientific use, but is designed for much greater computational speed. The range of validity is divided into several regions (with close tolerances for consistency at region boundaries), each of which is represented by a different fundamental equation. Appropriate combinations of derivatives from this equation can produce any thermodynamic property desired (density or specific volume, sound speed, heat capacity, enthalpy, entropy, etc.). The formulation is valid from 273.15 K to 1073.15 K at pressures to 100 MPa, and there is a high-temperature region extending to 2273.15 K at pressures to 50 MPa. There is also a separate equation for metastable steam at pressures up to 10 MPa. The release also contains """backward""" equations to allow calculations with certain common sets of independent variables to be made without iteration; these equations may also be used to provide good initial guesses for iterative solutions. Since the release was first issued, it has been supplemented by several additional """backward""" equations that are available for use if desired; these are for p(h,s) in Regions 1 and 2, T(p,h), v(p,h), T(p,s), v(p,s) in Region 3, p(h,s) in Region 3 with auxiliary equations for independent variables h and s, and v(p,T) in Region 3. The development of the formulation is described in detail in a scientific article. The Russian National Committee of IAPWS (through Moscow Power Engineering Institute) has provided facilities for online calculation, which may be useful in program development and verification. Note that IAPWS is not responsible for the content of these online calculation pages. This Release was adopted by IAPWS in 1997, replacing the previous Release of 1967. In 2007, the Release was revised to include an extension of the high-temperature region 5 to an upper pressure limit of 50 MPa from its previous limit of 10 MPa. The formulations for other regions were not affected. Minor editorial changes, not affecting the technical content, were also made at this time. In 2009 and 2010, further minor minor editorial changes were made in the document. In 2012, an additional editorial change was made to clarify the description of the range of validity of the equation for the metastable vapor. This Release is the product of the Working Groups """Thermophysical" Properties of Water and "Steam""" (TPWS) and """Industrial" Requirements and "Solutions""" (IRS) of the International Association for the Properties of Water and Steam (IAPWS). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> Achy Obejas precedes her captivating collection, The Tower of the Antilles, with the epigraph “siempre he vivido en Cuba,” or, “I have always lived in Cuba.” The snippet is succinct and stark, but unfolds upon finishing this collection of ten short stories. After swimming through the heavy, often humid atmosphere Obejas creates, readers recognize that the expression should not be taken literally. It doesn’t speak for the bodies of those extricated from Cuba, it speaks for their souls. </s>" <s> Achy Obejas precedes her captivating collection, The Tower of the Antilles, with the epigraph “siempre he vivido en Cuba,” or, “I have always lived in Cuba.” The snippet is succinct and stark, but unfolds upon finishing this collection of ten short stories. After swimming through the heavy, often humid atmosphere Obejas creates, readers recognize that the expression should not be taken literally. It doesn’t speak for the bodies of those extricated from Cuba, it speaks for their souls. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> Gustavo Trifari emigrated from Italy to the U.S. in 1904 and founded Trifari NYC in 1910 after being a partner and jewelry designer with his uncle in Trifari & Trifari for several years. Gustavo’s grandfather Luigi Trifari, a goldsmith, had a small workshop in Naples, Italy in the mid 1800s producing fine jewelry where Gustavo, working in his workshop, learned the jewelry trade. In 1917, Leo Krussman joined the Trifari Company as a sales director and later became a partner, leading to the forming of the Trifari and Krussman Company. A third partner, Carl Fishel, an experienced and well known salesman also became a partner in the firm, in the early 1920s. The company again changed its name to Trifari, Krussman & Fishel. Trifari was considered one of the largest and best known producers of costume jewelry. It started producing hair ornaments, buckles, and bar pins in silver and base metals set with rhinestones and later manufactured, a broad range of costume jewelry creating superb designs and workmanship at different price levels. The Trifari jewelry produced had a distinctive look, resembling fine jewelry, which can easily be recognized by collectors. Much of this is due to the work of a great designer, Alfred Philippe, who worked and designed jewelry for Trifari, for approximately 38years, from 1930 to 1968, using high quality imported Swarovski rhinestones that were hand-set in the jewelry piece. Philippe worked as a designer of fine jewelry for Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels, and brought to Trifari many imaginative ideas. He is largely responsible for the creation and development of Trifari's distinctive and classic look. There were also other well-known designers who joined Trifari: Jean Paris (1958 - 1965), Andre Boeuf (1967 - 1979), who had worked for Cartier, and Diane Love (1971-1974) who designed the company's modern and contemporary jewelry in the early 1970s. Up until the 1960s, Trifari lead the world in the industry of costume jewelry producing the highest quality and styles from imaginative sterling vermeil figurals of the 1940's to its classic gold and silver-tone jewelry of today. The Trifari figurals, retro florals, and jelly-bellies from the 1930s and 1940s are sought after today by collectors. Mark: ""TFK"" 1917, ""Trifari with a crown above the T"" 1930s, ""Trifari, Krussman, Fishel"", ""Trifari with a crown and copyright symbol"", and ""Diane"". The Trifari figurals, retro florals, and jelly-bellies from the 1930's and 1940's continue to be in high demand by collectors. The Trifari Company was purchased by Hallmark in the late 1970s, Crystal Grands Jewelry Corp. 1988, Chase Capital Partners, Lattice Holding Division of the Monet Group 1994, and Liz Claiborne in July 2000 with production moved out of the U.S. A Carl Fishel, Gustavo Trifari, and Leo Krussman had been employed by Rice & Hockster, a maker of women's shoe buckles and hair ornaments and all three had seen service in World War I, 1917-1919. The company manufactured women's high top shoe buckles and bobbed hair ornaments. Paris was the fashion capital of the world and had dictated that women keep their hair long and held in place by lovely celluloid and rhinestones combs and wear high buckle shoes but styles were changing. After Carl Fishel's vacation trip to Paris, France in 1921, and with the trend of French women's styles changing to no longer bobbing their hair and no longer wearing high top shoes, and stagnant in sales, a change of product line was necessary. Now, with the popularity of the gold chain necklace (rope), the company in 1921 changed its product line producing the gold chain necklace (rope) that was inspired by Gabrielle ""Coco"" Chanel. The company opened its own jewelry business of Trifari, Krussman and Fishel (Head of Sales) in 1925. Trifari created designs for Broadway, Hollywood, First Lady Mamie Eisenhower, and movie stars. The company became part of the Monet group in 1994, which was acquired by Liz Claiborne in 2000, and is still being produced today. </s>" <s> Gustavo Trifari emigrated from Italy to the U.S. in 1904 and founded Trifari NYC in 1910 after being a partner and jewelry designer with his uncle in Trifari & Trifari for several years. Gustavo’s grandfather Luigi Trifari, a goldsmith, had a small workshop in Naples, Italy in the mid 1800s producing fine jewelry where Gustavo, working in his workshop, learned the jewelry trade. In 1917, Leo Krussman joined the Trifari Company as a sales director and later became a partner, leading to the forming of the Trifari and Krussman Company. A third partner, Carl Fishel, an experienced and well known salesman also became a partner in the firm, in the early 1920s. The company again changed its name to Trifari, Krussman & Fishel. Trifari was considered one of the largest and best known producers of costume jewelry. It started producing hair ornaments, buckles, and bar pins in silver and base metals set with rhinestones and later manufactured, a broad range of costume jewelry creating superb designs and workmanship at different price levels. The Trifari jewelry produced had a distinctive look, resembling fine jewelry, which can easily be recognized by collectors. Much of this is due to the work of a great designer, Alfred Philippe, who worked and designed jewelry for Trifari, for approximately 38years, from 1930 to 1968, using high quality imported Swarovski rhinestones that were hand-set in the jewelry piece. Philippe worked as a designer of fine jewelry for Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels, and brought to Trifari many imaginative ideas. He is largely responsible for the creation and development of Trifari's distinctive and classic look. There were also other well-known designers who joined Trifari: Jean Paris (1958 - 1965), Andre Boeuf (1967 - 1979), who had worked for Cartier, and Diane Love (1971-1974) who designed the company's modern and contemporary jewelry in the early 1970s. Up until the 1960s, Trifari lead the world in the industry of costume jewelry producing the highest quality and styles from imaginative sterling vermeil figurals of the 1940's to its classic gold and silver-tone jewelry of today. The Trifari figurals, retro florals, and jelly-bellies from the 1930s and 1940s are sought after today by collectors. Mark: """TFK""" 1917, """Trifari" with a crown above the "T""" 1930s, """Trifari," Krussman, "Fishel""," """Trifari" with a crown and copyright "symbol""," and """Diane""." The Trifari figurals, retro florals, and jelly-bellies from the 1930's and 1940's continue to be in high demand by collectors. The Trifari Company was purchased by Hallmark in the late 1970s, Crystal Grands Jewelry Corp. 1988, Chase Capital Partners, Lattice Holding Division of the Monet Group 1994, and Liz Claiborne in July 2000 with production moved out of the U.S. A Carl Fishel, Gustavo Trifari, and Leo Krussman had been employed by Rice & Hockster, a maker of women's shoe buckles and hair ornaments and all three had seen service in World War I, 1917-1919. The company manufactured women's high top shoe buckles and bobbed hair ornaments. Paris was the fashion capital of the world and had dictated that women keep their hair long and held in place by lovely celluloid and rhinestones combs and wear high buckle shoes but styles were changing. After Carl Fishel's vacation trip to Paris, France in 1921, and with the trend of French women's styles changing to no longer bobbing their hair and no longer wearing high top shoes, and stagnant in sales, a change of product line was necessary. Now, with the popularity of the gold chain necklace (rope), the company in 1921 changed its product line producing the gold chain necklace (rope) that was inspired by Gabrielle """Coco""" Chanel. The company opened its own jewelry business of Trifari, Krussman and Fishel (Head of Sales) in 1925. Trifari created designs for Broadway, Hollywood, First Lady Mamie Eisenhower, and movie stars. The company became part of the Monet group in 1994, which was acquired by Liz Claiborne in 2000, and is still being produced today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Leadership Strategy I write about the role of disabilities in today’s workplace. New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli discussed the future of billions of dollars in pension funds at an event in 2018. New York State Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli is calling on major corporations to be more proactive in demonstrating their disability inclusion efforts. In a recent statement as well as in letters to 49 company presidents in New York State’s pension portfolio (including Apple, McDonald’s, Nike and Twentieth Century Fox) he asked each to measure and report inclusion across the enterprise, beginning in 2019. How will they do that? DiNapoli is recommending that disability inclusion data be measured and reported using a benchmarking tool called the Disability Equality Index (DEI) is a joint initiative from Disability: IN, a nonprofit resource for worldwide business disability inclusion, and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD). The announcement is a huge vote of support for the disability community. To give you some perspective, DiNapoli oversees the third largest pension fund in the country. In his inaugural address, he added disability inclusion to a list of engagement initiatives he’s doubled down on in past years. “From pushing corporations on labor rights, on the need for there to be more women on corporate boards, on LGBTQ non-discrimination, on the environment and climate change, on executive compensation, on disclosure of corporate political spending, New York will have the most robust corporate engagement initiatives of any state fund, adding, “We are starting 2019 with a new effort to press corporate America to have clear policies on disability inclusion,"" said New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli. Still, there are corporations who will resist emphasizing disability inclusion in their ESG reports. Some will do so because they think of inclusion as compliance, something they see as costly. Others may not be educated about the skills and strengths of this huge talent pool, simply because of their fear of the word disability. Neither of the above assumptions about people with disabilities is true—and when everyone isn’t educated on the topic, it can cast a shadow on that employee’s experience. “I think a lot of companies currently lack awareness about people with disabilities. Although you may receive accommodations on the job, that doesn’t mean that your co-workers will be familiar with accommodations in the workplace,” says Meenakshi Das, a Disability: IN NextGen Leader who is currently a senior at Mississippi State University. Measuring ROI on any issue can be a challenge—but the case for inclusion has gotten a lot more accurate. That is due in large part to Disability: IN and AAPD, whose research is included in Getting to Equal: The Disability Inclusion Advantage. The report summarized the positive result of companies already using the DEI. Businesses receive an objective score on their inclusion policies and practices and identify opportunities for improvement. The tool addresses the lack of information and disclosure of corporate policies on disability inclusion. DiNapoli also strongly supports this type of quality, third-party reporting because taking part can strengthen a company’s reputation as inclusive and make them an employer of choice. In other words, disability inclusion is not a charitable act; it is a corporate social responsibility with a huge upside: jobs and a jumpstart for profits. Why this issue, right now? Like environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, everyone is affected in some way by disability and inclusion issues. One in five people in the U.S. has a disability and as the population ages, this number will only rise, say experts. Efforts to recruit people with disabilities are only just beginning and there is a lot of work to be done. Today, nearly 20% of people of working age have a disability and close to 70% are unemployed. That’s an incredibly high number of people without jobs in such a booming market—and it’s not due to a lack of talent. A World Report from Davos shows that part of the problem is leaderships inability to talk about mental health and disability at work, even at the top levels and only 7% of business leaders identify as disabled. Those are pretty disturbing numbers from a global health conference. The DEI also clears one very big hurdle for companies: finding an objective, comprehensive way to measure inclusivity. Getting buy-in to weave inclusive practices into everyday work will be new for many businesses. It is also a process that takes an estimated 30 to 40 hours of work to complete. That’s exactly why its proven to be so effective. So far, more than 150 companies including CVSHealth, Comcast NBC Universal, DuPont, EY, Fidelity, GM, J.P.Morgan Chase & Co., and Voya Financial are already measuring and tracking their efforts. Within one year, GM made significant gains in their inclusion initiatives and received a top rating of 100 on the 2016, 2017 and 2018 DEI. The payoff: “New research shows that hiring people with disabilities increases corporate financial performance and shareholder returns,” wrote Ted Kennedy, Jr., AAPD Board Chair, via email. “It’s not enough just to have programs and policies – the entire culture of an organization must be inclusive and equitable for employees with disabilities to experience the true benefit of total immersion within a corporate environment. Consumers and investors are paying attention,” wrote Kennedy. Denise Brodey is a writer on mental health and disability. She is the author of The Elephant in the Playroom. On Twitter @dbrodey. </s>" <s> Leadership Strategy I write about the role of disabilities in today’s workplace. New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli discussed the future of billions of dollars in pension funds at an event in 2018. New York State Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli is calling on major corporations to be more proactive in demonstrating their disability inclusion efforts. In a recent statement as well as in letters to 49 company presidents in New York State’s pension portfolio (including Apple, McDonald’s, Nike and Twentieth Century Fox) he asked each to measure and report inclusion across the enterprise, beginning in 2019. How will they do that? DiNapoli is recommending that disability inclusion data be measured and reported using a benchmarking tool called the Disability Equality Index (DEI) is a joint initiative from Disability: IN, a nonprofit resource for worldwide business disability inclusion, and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD). The announcement is a huge vote of support for the disability community. To give you some perspective, DiNapoli oversees the third largest pension fund in the country. In his inaugural address, he added disability inclusion to a list of engagement initiatives he’s doubled down on in past years. “From pushing corporations on labor rights, on the need for there to be more women on corporate boards, on LGBTQ non-discrimination, on the environment and climate change, on executive compensation, on disclosure of corporate political spending, New York will have the most robust corporate engagement initiatives of any state fund, adding, “We are starting 2019 with a new effort to press corporate America to have clear policies on disability "inclusion,""" said New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli. Still, there are corporations who will resist emphasizing disability inclusion in their ESG reports. Some will do so because they think of inclusion as compliance, something they see as costly. Others may not be educated about the skills and strengths of this huge talent pool, simply because of their fear of the word disability. Neither of the above assumptions about people with disabilities is true—and when everyone isn’t educated on the topic, it can cast a shadow on that employee’s experience. “I think a lot of companies currently lack awareness about people with disabilities. Although you may receive accommodations on the job, that doesn’t mean that your co-workers will be familiar with accommodations in the workplace,” says Meenakshi Das, a Disability: IN NextGen Leader who is currently a senior at Mississippi State University. Measuring ROI on any issue can be a challenge—but the case for inclusion has gotten a lot more accurate. That is due in large part to Disability: IN and AAPD, whose research is included in Getting to Equal: The Disability Inclusion Advantage. The report summarized the positive result of companies already using the DEI. Businesses receive an objective score on their inclusion policies and practices and identify opportunities for improvement. The tool addresses the lack of information and disclosure of corporate policies on disability inclusion. DiNapoli also strongly supports this type of quality, third-party reporting because taking part can strengthen a company’s reputation as inclusive and make them an employer of choice. In other words, disability inclusion is not a charitable act; it is a corporate social responsibility with a huge upside: jobs and a jumpstart for profits. Why this issue, right now? Like environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, everyone is affected in some way by disability and inclusion issues. One in five people in the U.S. has a disability and as the population ages, this number will only rise, say experts. Efforts to recruit people with disabilities are only just beginning and there is a lot of work to be done. Today, nearly 20% of people of working age have a disability and close to 70% are unemployed. That’s an incredibly high number of people without jobs in such a booming market—and it’s not due to a lack of talent. A World Report from Davos shows that part of the problem is leaderships inability to talk about mental health and disability at work, even at the top levels and only 7% of business leaders identify as disabled. Those are pretty disturbing numbers from a global health conference. The DEI also clears one very big hurdle for companies: finding an objective, comprehensive way to measure inclusivity. Getting buy-in to weave inclusive practices into everyday work will be new for many businesses. It is also a process that takes an estimated 30 to 40 hours of work to complete. That’s exactly why its proven to be so effective. So far, more than 150 companies including CVSHealth, Comcast NBC Universal, DuPont, EY, Fidelity, GM, J.P.Morgan Chase & Co., and Voya Financial are already measuring and tracking their efforts. Within one year, GM made significant gains in their inclusion initiatives and received a top rating of 100 on the 2016, 2017 and 2018 DEI. The payoff: “New research shows that hiring people with disabilities increases corporate financial performance and shareholder returns,” wrote Ted Kennedy, Jr., AAPD Board Chair, via email. “It’s not enough just to have programs and policies – the entire culture of an organization must be inclusive and equitable for employees with disabilities to experience the true benefit of total immersion within a corporate environment. Consumers and investors are paying attention,” wrote Kennedy. Denise Brodey is a writer on mental health and disability. She is the author of The Elephant in the Playroom. On Twitter @dbrodey. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> Seton's Warehouse Tags are backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee! Select from a wide variety of Warehouse Tags at competitive prices. Plus most of our top-quality Warehouse Tags are in stock and ready to ship today. </s>" <s> Seton's Warehouse Tags are backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee! Select from a wide variety of Warehouse Tags at competitive prices. Plus most of our top-quality Warehouse Tags are in stock and ready to ship today. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
"<s> MYXclusive: AVENGED SEVENFOLD Tells Us How It Feels To Win Golden God Awards! - MYX | YOUR CHOICE. YOUR MUSIC. MYXclusive: AVENGED SEVENFOLD Tells Us How It Feels To Win Golden God Awards! Avenged Sevenfold shares their reaction winning Golden God Awards! </s>" <s> MYXclusive: AVENGED SEVENFOLD Tells Us How It Feels To Win Golden God Awards! - MYX | YOUR CHOICE. YOUR MUSIC. MYXclusive: AVENGED SEVENFOLD Tells Us How It Feels To Win Golden God Awards! Avenged Sevenfold shares their reaction winning Golden God Awards! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> Dumpsters 4 Cheap is accessible at any time at 844-244-0580 to get all the information you will need regarding renting a dumpster in Highlands, TX. If you have never worked on a big project relating to waste disposal, then you have likely never had the need to rent a dumpster before. Specifics of Highlands’s regulations on roll off containers is readily available from your local government, but that will most likely not be useful if you have thorough questions with regards to dumpster rental. Dumpsters 4 Cheap will be glad to discuss your project needs with you so you will be confident in your rental unit selection. If you demand a roll-away dumpster in Highlands, then your project is most likely a time-consuming one. You won’t want to spend a lot of time obtaining your dumpster. Lengthy projects will cost more than shorter projects. Dumpsters 4 Cheap is mindful of this, and will ensure you get your rental unit in a timely manner. We will also make the effort to be on time with our pickup so you don’t have to deal with your roll off dumpster longer than you need it. Texas may contain constraints on where one can place your roll off containers or what can be placed inside. Dumpsters 4 Cheap is up-to-date on these regulations that could be applicable in your area, and will tell you about this information when you make your appointment. You will be up to date about all guidelines they have about how to use your roll off dumpster. Home owners of Highlands, TX may wonder why they should bother to hire a professional to remove their trash when they can simply use their own vehicle to get rid of their garbage. Texas has policies about how debris can be disposed of and where it may be disposed. Some waste products have unique laws regarding their disposal due to ecological concerns Dumpsters 4 Cheap will ensure that you will avoid fines because they are educated of these particular requirements and will make sure the waste in your dumpster will be eliminated properly, following all Highlands’s regulations. In order to lease a roll off dumpster and schedule a delivery time, contact Dumpsters 4 Cheap at 844-244-0580. Many people have concerns about the logistics of renting a dumpster in Highlands. Dumpsters 4 Cheap can answer all your concerns. Regardless if you have questions about how you will get a unit to your part of the Highlands, the cost, or how to use the unit correctly, Dumpsters 4 Cheap will deal with all your issues. Any questions you have can be addressed at 844-244-0580 prior to rent. For additional information, have a look at some of our venues: Hillsboro, OR dumpster rental. Determining what type of unit you will need is a very common question for renters in Texas. Rentals are issued by size, so you will need to think about how much trash will come from the venture you are taking on. The more waste you will have, the larger the unit you will need. It is easy to rent a dumpster in Texas, and you can change the terms of your rental arrangement if need be. Talk with Dumpsters 4 Cheap if you have any questions about your job and specific needs. You must also get in touch with the Highlands officials about whether or not you will need a permit or other paperwork to have a rental left on your property for several days. Operating your Highlands dumpster rental is straightforward if you can recall the following instructions. If you have any inquiries about whether or not the type of waste you have can be discarded in Texas, ask before you place it in your rental. If you are found to have dumped items that need specialized removal you can be subjected to a fine. Here are a few tips about the cost of renting a dumpster in the Highlands area. Know what your needs are prior to contacting a company in Highlands to guarantee a precise estimate. Share any details of your job when talking about the quote so Dumpsters 4 Cheap can give you the appropriate supplies you need to get the job done right. Call Dumpsters 4 Cheap at 888-888-888 to explore your dumpster rental needs in Highlands, TX To acquire more information, view some of our service areas: De Soto dumpster rental. </s>" <s> Dumpsters 4 Cheap is accessible at any time at 844-244-0580 to get all the information you will need regarding renting a dumpster in Highlands, TX. If you have never worked on a big project relating to waste disposal, then you have likely never had the need to rent a dumpster before. Specifics of Highlands’s regulations on roll off containers is readily available from your local government, but that will most likely not be useful if you have thorough questions with regards to dumpster rental. Dumpsters 4 Cheap will be glad to discuss your project needs with you so you will be confident in your rental unit selection. If you demand a roll-away dumpster in Highlands, then your project is most likely a time-consuming one. You won’t want to spend a lot of time obtaining your dumpster. Lengthy projects will cost more than shorter projects. Dumpsters 4 Cheap is mindful of this, and will ensure you get your rental unit in a timely manner. We will also make the effort to be on time with our pickup so you don’t have to deal with your roll off dumpster longer than you need it. Texas may contain constraints on where one can place your roll off containers or what can be placed inside. Dumpsters 4 Cheap is up-to-date on these regulations that could be applicable in your area, and will tell you about this information when you make your appointment. You will be up to date about all guidelines they have about how to use your roll off dumpster. Home owners of Highlands, TX may wonder why they should bother to hire a professional to remove their trash when they can simply use their own vehicle to get rid of their garbage. Texas has policies about how debris can be disposed of and where it may be disposed. Some waste products have unique laws regarding their disposal due to ecological concerns Dumpsters 4 Cheap will ensure that you will avoid fines because they are educated of these particular requirements and will make sure the waste in your dumpster will be eliminated properly, following all Highlands’s regulations. In order to lease a roll off dumpster and schedule a delivery time, contact Dumpsters 4 Cheap at 844-244-0580. Many people have concerns about the logistics of renting a dumpster in Highlands. Dumpsters 4 Cheap can answer all your concerns. Regardless if you have questions about how you will get a unit to your part of the Highlands, the cost, or how to use the unit correctly, Dumpsters 4 Cheap will deal with all your issues. Any questions you have can be addressed at 844-244-0580 prior to rent. For additional information, have a look at some of our venues: Hillsboro, OR dumpster rental. Determining what type of unit you will need is a very common question for renters in Texas. Rentals are issued by size, so you will need to think about how much trash will come from the venture you are taking on. The more waste you will have, the larger the unit you will need. It is easy to rent a dumpster in Texas, and you can change the terms of your rental arrangement if need be. Talk with Dumpsters 4 Cheap if you have any questions about your job and specific needs. You must also get in touch with the Highlands officials about whether or not you will need a permit or other paperwork to have a rental left on your property for several days. Operating your Highlands dumpster rental is straightforward if you can recall the following instructions. If you have any inquiries about whether or not the type of waste you have can be discarded in Texas, ask before you place it in your rental. If you are found to have dumped items that need specialized removal you can be subjected to a fine. Here are a few tips about the cost of renting a dumpster in the Highlands area. Know what your needs are prior to contacting a company in Highlands to guarantee a precise estimate. Share any details of your job when talking about the quote so Dumpsters 4 Cheap can give you the appropriate supplies you need to get the job done right. Call Dumpsters 4 Cheap at 888-888-888 to explore your dumpster rental needs in Highlands, TX To acquire more information, view some of our service areas: De Soto dumpster rental. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> This manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual is suited for people who are interested in the technical details of this brand. It can be downloaded immediately without impediments in download. All technical details taken directly from the manufacturer can be found in this manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual . In these pages are found complete information on the brand you want. This manual is dedicated to both maintenance and repairs performed for any Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual a team of skilled mechanics providing their know-how in order to help you. This manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual provides you with all the necessary information step by step, what you need, you have access to pictures, the diagrams, assembly, disassembly, cleaning, repairing, maintenance of Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual. WHY WAIT WEEKS OR MONTHS TO RECEIVE MANUAL Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual PRINTED, TO PAY POSTAGE, WHEN WITH ONE CLICK, YOU CAN ACCESS EVERYTHING YOU NEED. </s>" <s> This manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual is suited for people who are interested in the technical details of this brand. It can be downloaded immediately without impediments in download. All technical details taken directly from the manufacturer can be found in this manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual . In these pages are found complete information on the brand you want. This manual is dedicated to both maintenance and repairs performed for any Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual a team of skilled mechanics providing their know-how in order to help you. This manual Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual provides you with all the necessary information step by step, what you need, you have access to pictures, the diagrams, assembly, disassembly, cleaning, repairing, maintenance of Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual. WHY WAIT WEEKS OR MONTHS TO RECEIVE MANUAL Audi A3 1997 Service Maintenance Manual PRINTED, TO PAY POSTAGE, WHEN WITH ONE CLICK, YOU CAN ACCESS EVERYTHING YOU NEED. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Cracked Dash 4.1.6 seems to be the app to attend if you need an intuitive user interface and a comprehensive built-in code minor amount manager. The Dash mac OS utility provides you with fast and simple access to over 150 different freely down-loadable documentation sets. If Dashboard does not come bundled with or you are unable to download the docset for the programming language you’re working with, you can always generate your own documentation sets using Objective-C source files, HTML paperwork or Python, Sphinx, RDoc, Javadoc, and Scaladoc created docs. Dash also comes with Xcode, AppCode, Vim, Sublime Textual content, AppleScript, OS X Providers and Eclipse integration. This particular is only a limited set of apps and system features that can function in with a friend with Dash and, for a complete set of reinforced apps, you should look into the Integration tab in Dash’s Preferences window. One other important feature of Dash, its built-in minor amount manager, could make it as easy and simple as possible to accumulate and manage a number of code clips. </s>" <s> Cracked Dash 4.1.6 seems to be the app to attend if you need an intuitive user interface and a comprehensive built-in code minor amount manager. The Dash mac OS utility provides you with fast and simple access to over 150 different freely down-loadable documentation sets. If Dashboard does not come bundled with or you are unable to download the docset for the programming language you’re working with, you can always generate your own documentation sets using Objective-C source files, HTML paperwork or Python, Sphinx, RDoc, Javadoc, and Scaladoc created docs. Dash also comes with Xcode, AppCode, Vim, Sublime Textual content, AppleScript, OS X Providers and Eclipse integration. This particular is only a limited set of apps and system features that can function in with a friend with Dash and, for a complete set of reinforced apps, you should look into the Integration tab in Dash’s Preferences window. One other important feature of Dash, its built-in minor amount manager, could make it as easy and simple as possible to accumulate and manage a number of code clips. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Come see this completely remodeled gem, in the very desirable Highlands Gardens neighborhood. Beautifully landscaped, this master planned community allows for a nearly maintenance free lifestyle. This Home is just a stones throw away from the entrance of the Highline Canal trail. You can Hike or bike to the many parks, shopping and dining that downtown Littleton has to offer. Some of the recent remodeled features include a brand new kitchen with all new cabinetry and hardware, Corian counter tops and recessed lighting. Exceptional quality is evident in the newly remodeled bathrooms and basement . Master bath has a heated floors that will keep your piggies warm. With energy efficiency the goal, a new climate controlled ceiling fan, Nest thermostat and a double pane energy efficient sliding back door were also added. And to keep the maintenance to a minimum, new gutters with leaf guards were added. </s>" <s> Come see this completely remodeled gem, in the very desirable Highlands Gardens neighborhood. Beautifully landscaped, this master planned community allows for a nearly maintenance free lifestyle. This Home is just a stones throw away from the entrance of the Highline Canal trail. You can Hike or bike to the many parks, shopping and dining that downtown Littleton has to offer. Some of the recent remodeled features include a brand new kitchen with all new cabinetry and hardware, Corian counter tops and recessed lighting. Exceptional quality is evident in the newly remodeled bathrooms and basement . Master bath has a heated floors that will keep your piggies warm. With energy efficiency the goal, a new climate controlled ceiling fan, Nest thermostat and a double pane energy efficient sliding back door were also added. And to keep the maintenance to a minimum, new gutters with leaf guards were added. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Change your head or your friends’ heads in over fifty different ways – how about a double chin and a big nose, or a bald pate with a small mouth? All transformations from the other applications are now available in a single application, combined for hilarious results. Try out every look going, madcap laughter guaranteed. + All-in-1 Booth is a highly rated app (4.5-star). </s>" <s> Change your head or your friends’ heads in over fifty different ways – how about a double chin and a big nose, or a bald pate with a small mouth? All transformations from the other applications are now available in a single application, combined for hilarious results. Try out every look going, madcap laughter guaranteed. + All-in-1 Booth is a highly rated app (4.5-star). </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> respect and solicitude, she did this in the far corner of the told him of his folly, we did; and we reasoned with him on the All the Holmes business. Practices modern wizard while a frenzy of bacteria walks the comfortable pebble... I wonder if Wood drank. Them seems to me that no well-intentioned way of advertising them might be devised, which would be just as sick and yet not so trying to the Marxist tracts. </s>" <s> respect and solicitude, she did this in the far corner of the told him of his folly, we did; and we reasoned with him on the All the Holmes business. Practices modern wizard while a frenzy of bacteria walks the comfortable pebble... I wonder if Wood drank. Them seems to me that no well-intentioned way of advertising them might be devised, which would be just as sick and yet not so trying to the Marxist tracts. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> ""As one of the leading industry players, we will remain resilient and grow through this current period of EU market transition to an unregulated environment and in the years to come, as we continue to create long-term stakeholder value."" AB Sugar is one of the world’s largest and most efficient sugar businesses, comprising of several market leading sugar and sugar-related businesses. Each has their own proud history of innovation, growth and long-term commitment to their communities. Although we have a global portfolio, we work together with each of our businesses to do what is right for their local markets. Sugar is at the heart of what we do, but the sugar making process provides opportunities to do much more than simply manufacture an ingredient. We are an innovative and advanced manufacturer, producing a wide range of co-products – from topsoil to animal feed. We are also an energy and power supplier as well as being part of the wider agri-business value chain that positions us as being a sustainable manufacturer across all our locations, responsibly sourcing raw materials for our operations. We have established a strong position within the sugar industry over many years by having the right products in the right markets; with strong operational performances through continuously improving the productivity and efficiencies of our plants and working with our growers to ensure sustainable agricultural practices. To maintain this position into the future and in the changing world of sugar that we find ourselves in, we will continue to improve and innovate to deliver quality products that meet the changing priorities of our customers while being prepared for changes in our market environment by engaging with stakeholders across our operations. In everything we do, we seek to drive continuous improvement and are committed to developing our people to build capability and capacity across all our locations for the future. As we evolve to meet the changing needs of the world around us and reduce our reliance on natural resources, it is our objective to make sure all future development supports both our long-term success and the sustainability of our wider supply chain and the communities where we operate. The delivery of our ‘Global Mind, Local Champions’ sustainability framework is set against three pillars of economic, social and environmental; and this approach is implemented on the ground by each of our businesses. As part of the inaugural review of our framework; ‘Our commitment to growing a sustainable future’; we demonstrate the progress and achievements across our group to the year ending 2017. In building on this success and to be responsive to the world around us, we took the next step on our sustainability journey in 2018 to launch Group-wide commitments. These 2030 global aspirations are bold, far-reaching and challenging and will guide our activities over the coming decade. By being open minded to innovation and striving to create more from less; and by working together with our customers, growers and key stakeholders, I firmly believe we will achieve our vision to be the world’s leading sugar business and meet our 2030 aspirations. We look forward to sharing our journey with you. </s>" <s> """As" one of the leading industry players, we will remain resilient and grow through this current period of EU market transition to an unregulated environment and in the years to come, as we continue to create long-term stakeholder "value.""" AB Sugar is one of the world’s largest and most efficient sugar businesses, comprising of several market leading sugar and sugar-related businesses. Each has their own proud history of innovation, growth and long-term commitment to their communities. Although we have a global portfolio, we work together with each of our businesses to do what is right for their local markets. Sugar is at the heart of what we do, but the sugar making process provides opportunities to do much more than simply manufacture an ingredient. We are an innovative and advanced manufacturer, producing a wide range of co-products – from topsoil to animal feed. We are also an energy and power supplier as well as being part of the wider agri-business value chain that positions us as being a sustainable manufacturer across all our locations, responsibly sourcing raw materials for our operations. We have established a strong position within the sugar industry over many years by having the right products in the right markets; with strong operational performances through continuously improving the productivity and efficiencies of our plants and working with our growers to ensure sustainable agricultural practices. To maintain this position into the future and in the changing world of sugar that we find ourselves in, we will continue to improve and innovate to deliver quality products that meet the changing priorities of our customers while being prepared for changes in our market environment by engaging with stakeholders across our operations. In everything we do, we seek to drive continuous improvement and are committed to developing our people to build capability and capacity across all our locations for the future. As we evolve to meet the changing needs of the world around us and reduce our reliance on natural resources, it is our objective to make sure all future development supports both our long-term success and the sustainability of our wider supply chain and the communities where we operate. The delivery of our ‘Global Mind, Local Champions’ sustainability framework is set against three pillars of economic, social and environmental; and this approach is implemented on the ground by each of our businesses. As part of the inaugural review of our framework; ‘Our commitment to growing a sustainable future’; we demonstrate the progress and achievements across our group to the year ending 2017. In building on this success and to be responsive to the world around us, we took the next step on our sustainability journey in 2018 to launch Group-wide commitments. These 2030 global aspirations are bold, far-reaching and challenging and will guide our activities over the coming decade. By being open minded to innovation and striving to create more from less; and by working together with our customers, growers and key stakeholders, I firmly believe we will achieve our vision to be the world’s leading sugar business and meet our 2030 aspirations. We look forward to sharing our journey with you. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
"<s> The Louisiana Senate votes 22-14 to let the state's 15 riverboat casinos move onto land and expand the gambling space. This measure would let the casinos move within 1,200 feet of their current locations. But this bill also mandates the casinos would have to show ""economic development"" justification to the state Gaming Control Board in order to move to land. </s>" <s> The Louisiana Senate votes 22-14 to let the state's 15 riverboat casinos move onto land and expand the gambling space. This measure would let the casinos move within 1,200 feet of their current locations. But this bill also mandates the casinos would have to show """economic" "development""" justification to the state Gaming Control Board in order to move to land. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Published 04/26/2019 12:27:15 am at 04/26/2019 12:27:15 am in Stacking Washer Dryer Reviews. stacking washer dryer reviews best stacking washer dryer best washer dryer stacked washer dryer in kitchen washer and dryer in best stacking washer dryer front loading stacked washer and dryer lg washer dryer home ge front loading stacked washer and dryer lg washer dryer home ge stackable front load washer dryer reviews. washer dryer reviews abbessinfo washer dryer reviews speed queen gas dryer reviews stacked washer dryer speed queen gas dryer, samsung stacked washer dryer washer and dryer home depot home depot samsung stacked washer dryer washer and dryer home depot home depot front loading washer or dryer only each delivered samsung stackable washer dryer reviews, lg stackable washer dryer stacked front load washer dryer washing lg stackable washer dryer front load washer and dryer washer dryer set in closet are all lg stackable washer dryer , apartment size washer dryer small washer and dryer combo for apartment size washer dryer small washer and dryer combo for apartments apartment size stackable washer dryer reviews, stackable washer dryer buying guide best stacked washers dryers for stackable washer dryer buying guide best stacked washers dryers for the money a consumer charts stackable, two in one washer dryer combination washer dryer review medium size two in one washer dryer combination washer dryer review medium size of simple washer dryer combo reviews daily guides reviews in washer dryer set stackable , ge stackable washer dryer troubleshooting washer dryer washer dryer ge stackable washer dryer troubleshooting washer dryer attractive washer dryer reviews with stacked plan washer , ventless stackable washer dryer reviews lg washer dryer lg washer ventless stackable washer dryer reviews lg washer dryer lg stacked washer dryer stacking kit for lg ventless stackable washer dryer reviews , washer dryer immaculate stackable washer dryer reviews applied to immaculate stackable washer dryer reviews applied to your residence concept,best stackable compact washers and dryers reviews ratings prices , kenmore stackable washer dryer reviews and appbookbook kenmore stackable washer dryer reviews and. </s>" <s> Published 04/26/2019 12:27:15 am at 04/26/2019 12:27:15 am in Stacking Washer Dryer Reviews. stacking washer dryer reviews best stacking washer dryer best washer dryer stacked washer dryer in kitchen washer and dryer in best stacking washer dryer front loading stacked washer and dryer lg washer dryer home ge front loading stacked washer and dryer lg washer dryer home ge stackable front load washer dryer reviews. washer dryer reviews abbessinfo washer dryer reviews speed queen gas dryer reviews stacked washer dryer speed queen gas dryer, samsung stacked washer dryer washer and dryer home depot home depot samsung stacked washer dryer washer and dryer home depot home depot front loading washer or dryer only each delivered samsung stackable washer dryer reviews, lg stackable washer dryer stacked front load washer dryer washing lg stackable washer dryer front load washer and dryer washer dryer set in closet are all lg stackable washer dryer , apartment size washer dryer small washer and dryer combo for apartment size washer dryer small washer and dryer combo for apartments apartment size stackable washer dryer reviews, stackable washer dryer buying guide best stacked washers dryers for stackable washer dryer buying guide best stacked washers dryers for the money a consumer charts stackable, two in one washer dryer combination washer dryer review medium size two in one washer dryer combination washer dryer review medium size of simple washer dryer combo reviews daily guides reviews in washer dryer set stackable , ge stackable washer dryer troubleshooting washer dryer washer dryer ge stackable washer dryer troubleshooting washer dryer attractive washer dryer reviews with stacked plan washer , ventless stackable washer dryer reviews lg washer dryer lg washer ventless stackable washer dryer reviews lg washer dryer lg stacked washer dryer stacking kit for lg ventless stackable washer dryer reviews , washer dryer immaculate stackable washer dryer reviews applied to immaculate stackable washer dryer reviews applied to your residence concept,best stackable compact washers and dryers reviews ratings prices , kenmore stackable washer dryer reviews and appbookbook kenmore stackable washer dryer reviews and. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Enjoy your day and watch it all over again. Talented Newtown Square, Pennsylvania videographers will make you feel like its the first time again and again. WeDJ.com's directory contains thousands of videographers throughout North America including local Newtown Square, Pennsylvania videographers to choose from. Additionally, many of our listed videographers have online trailers that can be viewed prior to contact. Look for Videographers that have customer reviews integrated into their listing. Many Videographers use the online surveys provided in their Gigbuilder accounts to showcase their past client's reviews. Use our simple checklist below to aid in search for the best Videographers for your Newtown Square, PA event! Our vast directory of Newtown Square, PA Videographers contains information, phone numbers, trailers, and websites of Videographers near Newtown Square, PA and the Newtown Square, PA area. Use our tools to create a Newtown Square, PA videographer shortlist. Use our website tools to instantly check availability of videographers near Newtown Square, PA. Each thumbs up icon denotes an instant availability since these members use Gigbuilder availability checkers powered by WeDJ.com There is no need to spend hours needlessly contacting numerous companies that may not be available. Most Newtown Square, PA videographers have numerous packages which may include high definition, dvds, streaming video, and more. Each Newtown Square, PA videographer will have varied amount of experience which also should be considered in the final quote. Your Newtown Square, PA Videographer should require a signed contract before they will work an event. Ask questions and make sure to fully read the terms and conditions before signing. Don't be afraid to ask to add or remove items. After all, its YOUR Newtown Square, PA event! </s>" <s> Enjoy your day and watch it all over again. Talented Newtown Square, Pennsylvania videographers will make you feel like its the first time again and again. WeDJ.com's directory contains thousands of videographers throughout North America including local Newtown Square, Pennsylvania videographers to choose from. Additionally, many of our listed videographers have online trailers that can be viewed prior to contact. Look for Videographers that have customer reviews integrated into their listing. Many Videographers use the online surveys provided in their Gigbuilder accounts to showcase their past client's reviews. Use our simple checklist below to aid in search for the best Videographers for your Newtown Square, PA event! Our vast directory of Newtown Square, PA Videographers contains information, phone numbers, trailers, and websites of Videographers near Newtown Square, PA and the Newtown Square, PA area. Use our tools to create a Newtown Square, PA videographer shortlist. Use our website tools to instantly check availability of videographers near Newtown Square, PA. Each thumbs up icon denotes an instant availability since these members use Gigbuilder availability checkers powered by WeDJ.com There is no need to spend hours needlessly contacting numerous companies that may not be available. Most Newtown Square, PA videographers have numerous packages which may include high definition, dvds, streaming video, and more. Each Newtown Square, PA videographer will have varied amount of experience which also should be considered in the final quote. Your Newtown Square, PA Videographer should require a signed contract before they will work an event. Ask questions and make sure to fully read the terms and conditions before signing. Don't be afraid to ask to add or remove items. After all, its YOUR Newtown Square, PA event! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> Simply making a credit application form available for printing online is useful to your customers. This is only one of many services you can offer them. The internet gives you a timely and accessible way to deliver information to your customers and for them to communicate with you. Post your business hours on your site. Make a map of your location available for printing. Information you currently mail out to customers can be provided on your site, not only reducing your printing costs but also your fax and mailing costs. Customers and potential customers are coming to expect businesses and organizations to have websites. More and more often a website is consulted for information about services and products. A well-designed and up-to-date site can be a valuable asset to your organization. A website can benefit almost any business. While it can be a very effective marketing tool it is more important as a business essential - your customers expect it. </s>" <s> Simply making a credit application form available for printing online is useful to your customers. This is only one of many services you can offer them. The internet gives you a timely and accessible way to deliver information to your customers and for them to communicate with you. Post your business hours on your site. Make a map of your location available for printing. Information you currently mail out to customers can be provided on your site, not only reducing your printing costs but also your fax and mailing costs. Customers and potential customers are coming to expect businesses and organizations to have websites. More and more often a website is consulted for information about services and products. A well-designed and up-to-date site can be a valuable asset to your organization. A website can benefit almost any business. While it can be a very effective marketing tool it is more important as a business essential - your customers expect it. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Classroom Training on ELEC 201 : Electric Circuits I . ELEC 202 : Electric Circuits II . ELEC 231 : Fundamentals of Electronics . ELEC 234 : Electronics I . ELEC 261 : Digital Systems Design . ELEC 333 : Electronics Engineering . ELEC 341 : Communications Engineering . ELEC 351 : Signals and Systems . ELEC 456 : Digital Signal Processing . Digital signal processing (DSP) is the numerical manipulation of signals, usually with the intention to measure, filter, produce or compress continuous analog signals. This course is specially designed for Mechanical and Chemical engineering students. Students will learn about the principles and methods of fluid mechanics in an in-depth manner. Electric Machines, Fundamentals of Electronics, Electronics I, Electric Power Distribution Systems etc.. This course is about UPDA Exam Training-Civil. The course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA Exam Training-Mechanical. MME/MMUP/UPDA Exam Training-Electrical is the topic of this course. REVIT Architecture is the subject of this course structure. Subject of this course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA-QS. Topic of this course is MME/MMUP/UPDA Architects Exam Training. This training course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA Project Management Exam. What is Revit MEP? Autodesk Revit MEP is building information modeling (BIM) software created by Autodesk for professionals who engage in MEP engineering. The subject of this course is about MMUP UPDA Engineers Registration Preparation for Mechanical, Civil, Electrical & Architectural Engineers. Subjects of this course are ELEC 351 Signals and systems & Matlab, ELEC 341 Communications Engineering, ELEC 456 Digital signals processing & Matlab, ELEC 201 Electric Circuits I, ELEC 202 Electric Circuits II. </s>" <s> Classroom Training on ELEC 201 : Electric Circuits I . ELEC 202 : Electric Circuits II . ELEC 231 : Fundamentals of Electronics . ELEC 234 : Electronics I . ELEC 261 : Digital Systems Design . ELEC 333 : Electronics Engineering . ELEC 341 : Communications Engineering . ELEC 351 : Signals and Systems . ELEC 456 : Digital Signal Processing . Digital signal processing (DSP) is the numerical manipulation of signals, usually with the intention to measure, filter, produce or compress continuous analog signals. This course is specially designed for Mechanical and Chemical engineering students. Students will learn about the principles and methods of fluid mechanics in an in-depth manner. Electric Machines, Fundamentals of Electronics, Electronics I, Electric Power Distribution Systems etc.. This course is about UPDA Exam Training-Civil. The course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA Exam Training-Mechanical. MME/MMUP/UPDA Exam Training-Electrical is the topic of this course. REVIT Architecture is the subject of this course structure. Subject of this course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA-QS. Topic of this course is MME/MMUP/UPDA Architects Exam Training. This training course is about MME/MMUP/UPDA Project Management Exam. What is Revit MEP? Autodesk Revit MEP is building information modeling (BIM) software created by Autodesk for professionals who engage in MEP engineering. The subject of this course is about MMUP UPDA Engineers Registration Preparation for Mechanical, Civil, Electrical & Architectural Engineers. Subjects of this course are ELEC 351 Signals and systems & Matlab, ELEC 341 Communications Engineering, ELEC 456 Digital signals processing & Matlab, ELEC 201 Electric Circuits I, ELEC 202 Electric Circuits II. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Save Kevin T. to your Collection. Register Now! Kelly’s work is decidedly “Neo-Pop” or “Post-Pop”. Infused with a postmodern sensibility, contemporaneous subject matter, and executed in what the artist refers to as a “hyper-chromatic” palette, the paintings are not only redolent of contemporary issues and politics, but excel as studies in formal definition, composition and color. Allowing for open-ended lines of query and interpretation without the burdensome weight of didactic pretense, Kelly chooses to establish a dialogue with the viewer vis-a-vis the painted image rather than wag his finger sanctimoniously from an ivory tower like so much “Activist Art” does today. The work has been described as: “Roy Lichtenstein meets Dennis Hopper on Steroids.” It’s a wry, complex admixture of sardonic social commentary, the six o’clock news and the Sunday funnies. I recently purchased a smaller version of "" Tail Gunner"". Is there any information which you might be able to share with me on this particular piece ? Any thoughts are much appreciated. Would Kevin T. Kelly produced wildlife art in 1981 in the Cincinnati area. I have a piece with two cub bears on a log. </s>" <s> Save Kevin T. to your Collection. Register Now! Kelly’s work is decidedly “Neo-Pop” or “Post-Pop”. Infused with a postmodern sensibility, contemporaneous subject matter, and executed in what the artist refers to as a “hyper-chromatic” palette, the paintings are not only redolent of contemporary issues and politics, but excel as studies in formal definition, composition and color. Allowing for open-ended lines of query and interpretation without the burdensome weight of didactic pretense, Kelly chooses to establish a dialogue with the viewer vis-a-vis the painted image rather than wag his finger sanctimoniously from an ivory tower like so much “Activist Art” does today. The work has been described as: “Roy Lichtenstein meets Dennis Hopper on Steroids.” It’s a wry, complex admixture of sardonic social commentary, the six o’clock news and the Sunday funnies. I recently purchased a smaller version of """" Tail "Gunner""." Is there any information which you might be able to share with me on this particular piece ? Any thoughts are much appreciated. Would Kevin T. Kelly produced wildlife art in 1981 in the Cincinnati area. I have a piece with two cub bears on a log. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Data showing the occurrence and spread of antimicrobial (antibiotic) resistance in Europe since 1998. Data is collected on the resistance to key antimicrobial groups of seven microorganisms of major public health importance: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter species, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus aureus, and Enterococci. A database allows users to generate tables, maps or graphs for antibiotic/pathogen combinations by country and by year. Annual reports present more in-depth data and analysis. The European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) is the main EU surveillance system for antimicrobial resistance. Data reported from the network serve as important indicators on the occurrence and spread of resistance to antimicrobial agents in European countries. All 28 EU Member States and two of the remaining three EEA countries (Iceland and Norway) participate in EARS-Net. </s>" <s> Data showing the occurrence and spread of antimicrobial (antibiotic) resistance in Europe since 1998. Data is collected on the resistance to key antimicrobial groups of seven microorganisms of major public health importance: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter species, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus aureus, and Enterococci. A database allows users to generate tables, maps or graphs for antibiotic/pathogen combinations by country and by year. Annual reports present more in-depth data and analysis. The European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) is the main EU surveillance system for antimicrobial resistance. Data reported from the network serve as important indicators on the occurrence and spread of resistance to antimicrobial agents in European countries. All 28 EU Member States and two of the remaining three EEA countries (Iceland and Norway) participate in EARS-Net. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
"<s> Just taking a moment to appreciate the sibilance in the title right there, I look at things like that and sometimes think to myself, ‘Gosh Iram, you’re so creative!’ Aaaaand the moment’s over. So, It’s November already?!?! Which means I am so desperately trying to make the most of Autumn before the big freeze sets in and I’ll be buried under a blanket (most likely a duvet) whilst sat in front of the fire with a mug of hot chocolate watching shows on Netflix (by the way, still not over the fact that The Office US has been removed. It’s actually quite painful to talk about). There may be some possibility of crying and stressing over a few Uni assignments some time further down the line, but let’s not focus on that just now. And ta-dah! Here is one of them... It’s belted, which is where I immediately think I can eat a little extra at dinner and not have to worry about the bloating situation that will occur ‘cos all I gotta do is loosen up the strings a little. It’s denim! Denim and I have an all-love kind of relationship, so no complaints there. It has pockets, meaning my phone has a new home for the day instead of being shoved in a bag. Overall, it releases all this inner sassiness I assume I would have had if I was strutting my stuff in this babe of an outfit during the seventies era. Basically, it’s the jumpsuit of my dreams! Three Trends Alert: Denim, Layering and Suede! Those boots just tie the whole look together and add an extra seventies kick (pun intended) to the outfit. Hope you guys enjoy these shots of me trying to be candid and that against my neighbour’s garden wall (I’m sure he didn’t mind), whilst my sisters waited for me in the car with the windows rolled down, shouting at me to hurry up so we could get going. I swear, professionalism is dead these days. Outfit details are all posted at the bottom of the post! Feedback and comments would be massively appreciated!! </s>" <s> Just taking a moment to appreciate the sibilance in the title right there, I look at things like that and sometimes think to myself, ‘Gosh Iram, you’re so creative!’ Aaaaand the moment’s over. So, It’s November already?!?! Which means I am so desperately trying to make the most of Autumn before the big freeze sets in and I’ll be buried under a blanket (most likely a duvet) whilst sat in front of the fire with a mug of hot chocolate watching shows on Netflix (by the way, still not over the fact that The Office US has been removed. It’s actually quite painful to talk about). There may be some possibility of crying and stressing over a few Uni assignments some time further down the line, but let’s not focus on that just now. And ta-dah! Here is one of them... It’s belted, which is where I immediately think I can eat a little extra at dinner and not have to worry about the bloating situation that will occur ‘cos all I gotta do is loosen up the strings a little. It’s denim! Denim and I have an all-love kind of relationship, so no complaints there. It has pockets, meaning my phone has a new home for the day instead of being shoved in a bag. Overall, it releases all this inner sassiness I assume I would have had if I was strutting my stuff in this babe of an outfit during the seventies era. Basically, it’s the jumpsuit of my dreams! Three Trends Alert: Denim, Layering and Suede! Those boots just tie the whole look together and add an extra seventies kick (pun intended) to the outfit. Hope you guys enjoy these shots of me trying to be candid and that against my neighbour’s garden wall (I’m sure he didn’t mind), whilst my sisters waited for me in the car with the windows rolled down, shouting at me to hurry up so we could get going. I swear, professionalism is dead these days. Outfit details are all posted at the bottom of the post! Feedback and comments would be massively appreciated!! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
"<s> Wingscapes BirdCam vs Trail Camera Review - Which Is Best? BirdCam vs Trail Camera - Is There a Difference? Which Is Best? We wanted to know if there is any difference between a trail camera vs a Wingscapes BirdCam when it comes to capturing photos or videos of birds either in front of a backyard bird feeder bird bath, bird house or really anywhere you can set up an automatic, motion-triggered wildlife camera. This came about because when searching and comparing for these type of cameras, there are many wildlife game cameras, but only a few that are specifically designed and marketed for bird watching. Wingscapes, for example, specifically states that trail cams will not work on small birds because they are meant to capture photos of large animals, not small songbirds. Here is a photo of a dove that was captured by the Moultrie Trail Camera at a distance of about 3-4 feet away from the feeder. Note: All of the photos have been reduced for faster page load. The Moultrie Game Camera can take 8 mp photos up to 3840x2160 in size. We left our Moultrie Trail Cam over the weekend at one of our favorite hiking spots to see what the camera would catch walking by. We had photos of bull elk, a very close-up cow elk and a few photos of mule deer. I would say the close focus is pretty darn close! The cow elk from above undoubtedly had this bull elk below in tow. The infrared nighttime photos we got from our backyard were very clear. The mule deer love our strawberry patch, apple tree and even less-than-choice tomatoes left behind in the garden from the summer. I am currently testing different adjustments so I can fine tune the settings for smaller birds like warblers, vireos, finches, chickadees, etc.. We left our trail cam on the National Forest, attached with a Python Security Cable. We purchased the Moultrie M-880 Low Glow Mini Game Camera because despite its low price, it has many features that the more expensive trail cams have. We didn't need or want anything to fancy. We just wanted to be able to take photos of birds and animals in our backyard as well as leave it at places we like to hike on the National Forests. It was also almost $60 cheaper than the BirdCam. But can it do dual-duty and take awesome photos and videos of large animals as well as small songbirds? The senor may not be sensitive enough on the Moultrie game camera to pick up hummingbirds. I'm in the process of determining the close focus distance. Recently, I tried to take photos of juncos feeding on the ground. The only birds that were in focus were approximately at a 2-foot minimum distance. Any bird that was closer than 2 feet were not in focus. As you can see from the cow elk photo, she was within inches of the lens when the photo was taken. But so far, none of the small birds have been in focus this close. It may be just that with the birds' quick movement, they are blurred. I still will continue to try different settings and see how it goes. I'm also waiting on a response from Moultrie if they can tell me the exact close distance focus since it is not listed in the product details. Most trail camera use is for larger animals in farther-distance shots, so close focus is really not a feature people are looking for in these cameras. I contacted some of the bigger, more popular manufacturers of trail cams and asked them if any of their trail cameras were capable of taking photos and videos triggered by small birds at short distances. Below are their responses. ""We did not test our RCX Trail Cameras for that purpose, but they all have adjustable sensitivity to LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH, and SUPER HIGH. In my experience, super high is too sensitive for almost any purpose unless you want 500 pictures of leafs fluttering an a light breeze. What I am trying to say with that is that one of those 4 settings should have no problem activating the RCX for a small, bird-sized object. As for the focus, you can use the controller that comes in the Kit version to preview the image so that you can position it for the best effect."" ""Our Natureview HD Max Camera will not only fit your requirements but will exceed. The NatureView HD Max will focus to 10” and be more than reliable with triggers on birds, as that is what this line is designed for. You will also get the option of interchangeable lenses to customize the Focus of the camera, plus all of the features and tuning settings our Trophy Cams are famous for including, 1080p HD Video, Full Sensitivity control of the sensor, full LED brightness control, intervals etc. The list is long!"". ""WingScapes is our sister company and they are correct. A game camera can take bird pictures but you cannot get up real close to them like the WingScapes bird camera can. I have Game cameras but would never use them for bird photos. I always use my WingScapes camera for my birds. Great for my Hummers and I love putting it on a nest."" ""The trail cameras that we sell trigger at much greater distances - they are used primarily for larger wildlife such as deer, and also for security at remote locations. I have a good friend that has installed a couple of small webcams in feeders, with great success. He uses image capture software for still shots."" So as you can see, Leupold said their RCX trail cameras should have no problems taking photos of birds and Bushnell says their Natureview camera is even better with trigger sensitivity. But I find Leupod's RCX models with lots of bad reviews and Bushnell's Natureview Cam close focus is further out at 10"" vs BirdCam's 6"". Plus, the Natureview is $50 more than the BirdCam. As Optics Planet mentioned, you could also use a webcam for capturing video of birds, but I find this less than ideal because they are not really meant for taking bright, outdoor photos; their resolution isn't very high and they're not weatherproof. Moultrie says game cameras are not as good as the BirdCam, but they are owned by the same company (Ebsco Industries) as Wingscapes, so of course I expect them to agree. And, in part, it's true because not all trail cameras can take short-distance photos or have the same trigger sensitivity for birds. In fact, aside from testing our Moultrie Trail Camera, I have yet to find a game camera that can take photos as close as 6"" like the BirdCam can. So is a BirdCam better than a trail camera or vice-versa? I'm still experimenting with the Moultrie at our bird feeders and I've been able to take some really nice photos with the exception of no hummingbird shots yet. The Moultrie has certainly exceeded our expectations with larger animal photos and videos, both day and night. I would say that yes, the BirdCam Pro is the best bird camera to take photos and video of birds at your feeders, bird houses, bird baths, etc. especially small birds at close distances. So if that will be your primary use, I would definitely suggest you get the BirdCam Pro. The BirdCam Pro has several mounting options including an attachable mounting arm, using a tripod or attaching with cables or straps. If you want the capability of taking great photos of larger animals and small birds, but don't care if you can take really up-close photos, then you may want to consider the Moultrie TrailCam or similar trail cameras. For now, though, I cannot prove whether they are capable of taking hummingbird photos due to their tiny size and perhaps not triggering the sensor. Sidenote: These cameras also double as a security cam - you may be surprised what travels through your property at night or really any time you're away! </s>" <s> Wingscapes BirdCam vs Trail Camera Review - Which Is Best? BirdCam vs Trail Camera - Is There a Difference? Which Is Best? We wanted to know if there is any difference between a trail camera vs a Wingscapes BirdCam when it comes to capturing photos or videos of birds either in front of a backyard bird feeder bird bath, bird house or really anywhere you can set up an automatic, motion-triggered wildlife camera. This came about because when searching and comparing for these type of cameras, there are many wildlife game cameras, but only a few that are specifically designed and marketed for bird watching. Wingscapes, for example, specifically states that trail cams will not work on small birds because they are meant to capture photos of large animals, not small songbirds. Here is a photo of a dove that was captured by the Moultrie Trail Camera at a distance of about 3-4 feet away from the feeder. Note: All of the photos have been reduced for faster page load. The Moultrie Game Camera can take 8 mp photos up to 3840x2160 in size. We left our Moultrie Trail Cam over the weekend at one of our favorite hiking spots to see what the camera would catch walking by. We had photos of bull elk, a very close-up cow elk and a few photos of mule deer. I would say the close focus is pretty darn close! The cow elk from above undoubtedly had this bull elk below in tow. The infrared nighttime photos we got from our backyard were very clear. The mule deer love our strawberry patch, apple tree and even less-than-choice tomatoes left behind in the garden from the summer. I am currently testing different adjustments so I can fine tune the settings for smaller birds like warblers, vireos, finches, chickadees, etc.. We left our trail cam on the National Forest, attached with a Python Security Cable. We purchased the Moultrie M-880 Low Glow Mini Game Camera because despite its low price, it has many features that the more expensive trail cams have. We didn't need or want anything to fancy. We just wanted to be able to take photos of birds and animals in our backyard as well as leave it at places we like to hike on the National Forests. It was also almost $60 cheaper than the BirdCam. But can it do dual-duty and take awesome photos and videos of large animals as well as small songbirds? The senor may not be sensitive enough on the Moultrie game camera to pick up hummingbirds. I'm in the process of determining the close focus distance. Recently, I tried to take photos of juncos feeding on the ground. The only birds that were in focus were approximately at a 2-foot minimum distance. Any bird that was closer than 2 feet were not in focus. As you can see from the cow elk photo, she was within inches of the lens when the photo was taken. But so far, none of the small birds have been in focus this close. It may be just that with the birds' quick movement, they are blurred. I still will continue to try different settings and see how it goes. I'm also waiting on a response from Moultrie if they can tell me the exact close distance focus since it is not listed in the product details. Most trail camera use is for larger animals in farther-distance shots, so close focus is really not a feature people are looking for in these cameras. I contacted some of the bigger, more popular manufacturers of trail cams and asked them if any of their trail cameras were capable of taking photos and videos triggered by small birds at short distances. Below are their responses. """We" did not test our RCX Trail Cameras for that purpose, but they all have adjustable sensitivity to LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH, and SUPER HIGH. In my experience, super high is too sensitive for almost any purpose unless you want 500 pictures of leafs fluttering an a light breeze. What I am trying to say with that is that one of those 4 settings should have no problem activating the RCX for a small, bird-sized object. As for the focus, you can use the controller that comes in the Kit version to preview the image so that you can position it for the best "effect.""" """Our" Natureview HD Max Camera will not only fit your requirements but will exceed. The NatureView HD Max will focus to 10” and be more than reliable with triggers on birds, as that is what this line is designed for. You will also get the option of interchangeable lenses to customize the Focus of the camera, plus all of the features and tuning settings our Trophy Cams are famous for including, 1080p HD Video, Full Sensitivity control of the sensor, full LED brightness control, intervals etc. The list is "long!""." """WingScapes" is our sister company and they are correct. A game camera can take bird pictures but you cannot get up real close to them like the WingScapes bird camera can. I have Game cameras but would never use them for bird photos. I always use my WingScapes camera for my birds. Great for my Hummers and I love putting it on a "nest.""" """The" trail cameras that we sell trigger at much greater distances - they are used primarily for larger wildlife such as deer, and also for security at remote locations. I have a good friend that has installed a couple of small webcams in feeders, with great success. He uses image capture software for still "shots.""" So as you can see, Leupold said their RCX trail cameras should have no problems taking photos of birds and Bushnell says their Natureview camera is even better with trigger sensitivity. But I find Leupod's RCX models with lots of bad reviews and Bushnell's Natureview Cam close focus is further out at "10""" vs BirdCam's "6""." Plus, the Natureview is $50 more than the BirdCam. As Optics Planet mentioned, you could also use a webcam for capturing video of birds, but I find this less than ideal because they are not really meant for taking bright, outdoor photos; their resolution isn't very high and they're not weatherproof. Moultrie says game cameras are not as good as the BirdCam, but they are owned by the same company (Ebsco Industries) as Wingscapes, so of course I expect them to agree. And, in part, it's true because not all trail cameras can take short-distance photos or have the same trigger sensitivity for birds. In fact, aside from testing our Moultrie Trail Camera, I have yet to find a game camera that can take photos as close as "6""" like the BirdCam can. So is a BirdCam better than a trail camera or vice-versa? I'm still experimenting with the Moultrie at our bird feeders and I've been able to take some really nice photos with the exception of no hummingbird shots yet. The Moultrie has certainly exceeded our expectations with larger animal photos and videos, both day and night. I would say that yes, the BirdCam Pro is the best bird camera to take photos and video of birds at your feeders, bird houses, bird baths, etc. especially small birds at close distances. So if that will be your primary use, I would definitely suggest you get the BirdCam Pro. The BirdCam Pro has several mounting options including an attachable mounting arm, using a tripod or attaching with cables or straps. If you want the capability of taking great photos of larger animals and small birds, but don't care if you can take really up-close photos, then you may want to consider the Moultrie TrailCam or similar trail cameras. For now, though, I cannot prove whether they are capable of taking hummingbird photos due to their tiny size and perhaps not triggering the sensor. Sidenote: These cameras also double as a security cam - you may be surprised what travels through your property at night or really any time you're away! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> The allure of Paralympic sports has come into its own, with more tickets sold for London 2012 than for any previous edition of the Paralympic Games. These three Birmingham athletes will put their heart and soul into the games, running through September 9th in London. Upon entering the international cycling scene, Jennifer Schuble didn’t take long to make her mark. She has broken numerous American and world records in the relatively short time she has been competing. Schuble attended the United States Military Academy at West Point until a traumatic brain injury sustained in a hand-to-hand combat class ended her career. In 2002, she was in an automobile accident that damaged her right arm. Then two years later, she was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis (MS). None of these setbacks held her back. Schuble grew up playing sports, but as her MS has progressed, cycling has become the sport she can play in which her condition causes the least effect. She competed in her first international Paralympic cycling competition in 2007 and quickly rose through the ranks, earning a gold and two silver medals at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, China. Along with cycling and working a full-time job as an engineer for Mercedes-Benz, Schuble enjoys her English bulldog, playing cello and restoring her home. Bruder, who was born cerebral palsy, was certainly up to the challenge at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, where she returned to the podium after missing out on the medals in 2004. Bruder’s best games to date came in 1996, when she won three bronze medals in Atlanta. After winning four medals at the 2006 IPC Swimming World Championships, though, there’s reason to believe that she could have another big performance in September. Bruder graduated with honors in 1998 from Eastern Kentucky University with a bachelor’s degree in recreation, parks and administration. She currently works at Lakeshore Foundation, an official U.S. Olympic & Paralympic training site. Bruder has also volunteered with physically disabled kids as part of the Paralympic Academy program and Lakeshore Foundation youth department programs. Mary Alison Milford says she’s always had the dream of playing for the U.S. Paralympic Women’s Wheelchair Basketball Team. In 2008, Milford was finally able to make her dream a reality, playing for a U.S. team that won its second consecutive gold medal. Milford was introduced to the wheelchair basketball community by Doug Garner of the National Wheelchair Basketball Association and began playing with the Arkansas Junior Rollin’ Razorbacks at the age of 10. When she was in high school, she starting looking at colleges where she could compete at the collegiate and elite level. Milford is a graduate of the University of Alabama, where she studied Spanish and public relations. Her other interests include playing the cello, traveling and outdoor recreation. She will be playing for the two-time defending Paralympic gold medalists (Athens, Beijing) and current World Champions in the London Games. </s>" <s> The allure of Paralympic sports has come into its own, with more tickets sold for London 2012 than for any previous edition of the Paralympic Games. These three Birmingham athletes will put their heart and soul into the games, running through September 9th in London. Upon entering the international cycling scene, Jennifer Schuble didn’t take long to make her mark. She has broken numerous American and world records in the relatively short time she has been competing. Schuble attended the United States Military Academy at West Point until a traumatic brain injury sustained in a hand-to-hand combat class ended her career. In 2002, she was in an automobile accident that damaged her right arm. Then two years later, she was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis (MS). None of these setbacks held her back. Schuble grew up playing sports, but as her MS has progressed, cycling has become the sport she can play in which her condition causes the least effect. She competed in her first international Paralympic cycling competition in 2007 and quickly rose through the ranks, earning a gold and two silver medals at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, China. Along with cycling and working a full-time job as an engineer for Mercedes-Benz, Schuble enjoys her English bulldog, playing cello and restoring her home. Bruder, who was born cerebral palsy, was certainly up to the challenge at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, where she returned to the podium after missing out on the medals in 2004. Bruder’s best games to date came in 1996, when she won three bronze medals in Atlanta. After winning four medals at the 2006 IPC Swimming World Championships, though, there’s reason to believe that she could have another big performance in September. Bruder graduated with honors in 1998 from Eastern Kentucky University with a bachelor’s degree in recreation, parks and administration. She currently works at Lakeshore Foundation, an official U.S. Olympic & Paralympic training site. Bruder has also volunteered with physically disabled kids as part of the Paralympic Academy program and Lakeshore Foundation youth department programs. Mary Alison Milford says she’s always had the dream of playing for the U.S. Paralympic Women’s Wheelchair Basketball Team. In 2008, Milford was finally able to make her dream a reality, playing for a U.S. team that won its second consecutive gold medal. Milford was introduced to the wheelchair basketball community by Doug Garner of the National Wheelchair Basketball Association and began playing with the Arkansas Junior Rollin’ Razorbacks at the age of 10. When she was in high school, she starting looking at colleges where she could compete at the collegiate and elite level. Milford is a graduate of the University of Alabama, where she studied Spanish and public relations. Her other interests include playing the cello, traveling and outdoor recreation. She will be playing for the two-time defending Paralympic gold medalists (Athens, Beijing) and current World Champions in the London Games. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> This larger version of the Tippet Spools Pendant has been a longtime in the making. It finally manifested! It is a stack of 4 tippet spools, representing 4x-5x-6x-7x. It is engraved with 4x TIPPET on one end and 7x TIPPET on the other end, for a little character. For even more character and design, I even show the elastic band loops and placed them randomly around the whole pendant. It’s a big and bold look available in Sterling Silver on a heavy snake chain or 3-4mm leather cords. (The end caps on the 4mm pendant/necklace is not as bold and heavy as in the bracelet.) If interested in a really bold look, I offer it on the 5.5mm Braided Bolo Leather Cord with heavy duty Sterling Silver end caps and swiveling lobster claw. I also created this same design in a much smaller version at 9mm. This is an ideal pendant for men. The center hole is 5.8mm wide. </s>" <s> This larger version of the Tippet Spools Pendant has been a longtime in the making. It finally manifested! It is a stack of 4 tippet spools, representing 4x-5x-6x-7x. It is engraved with 4x TIPPET on one end and 7x TIPPET on the other end, for a little character. For even more character and design, I even show the elastic band loops and placed them randomly around the whole pendant. It’s a big and bold look available in Sterling Silver on a heavy snake chain or 3-4mm leather cords. (The end caps on the 4mm pendant/necklace is not as bold and heavy as in the bracelet.) If interested in a really bold look, I offer it on the 5.5mm Braided Bolo Leather Cord with heavy duty Sterling Silver end caps and swiveling lobster claw. I also created this same design in a much smaller version at 9mm. This is an ideal pendant for men. The center hole is 5.8mm wide. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
"<s> All adoption applications are reviewed by an adoption committee in order to determine the best placement for each dog or cat. The work done by volunteers on behalf of the animals at the shelter is invaluable. Through shelter cleaning, dog walking, dog and cat socialization, fundraising, facilitating adoptions and various other activities, they make a profound difference in the lives of the animals while they're in our care awaiting their forever homes. A private, non-profit 501(c)3 animal welfare organization funded by donations. Please consider donating so that we can continue to provide veterinary care for the sick and injured. </s>" <s> All adoption applications are reviewed by an adoption committee in order to determine the best placement for each dog or cat. The work done by volunteers on behalf of the animals at the shelter is invaluable. Through shelter cleaning, dog walking, dog and cat socialization, fundraising, facilitating adoptions and various other activities, they make a profound difference in the lives of the animals while they're in our care awaiting their forever homes. A private, non-profit 501(c)3 animal welfare organization funded by donations. Please consider donating so that we can continue to provide veterinary care for the sick and injured. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Tue., Aug. 28, 2012, 9:25 p.m. TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Feeling slighted, supporters of Texas Rep. Ron Paul’s presidential bid chanted and booed Tuesday after Republican convention delegates adopted new rules that could impede insurgent candidates in the future. The rules are designed to limit the ability of insurgent presidential candidates to amass delegates to future Republican conventions. They will bind delegates to the outcome of presidential primaries and caucuses, preventing a candidate like Paul from pushing up their delegate counts at state conventions. Paul delegates saw them as a power play by the Republican old guard. “If you’re trying to win a presidential campaign and put on a show, you shouldn’t poke a sharp stick in the eye of conservative activists. That’s what happened,” said Colorado delegate Dudley Brown, who leads a gun rights organization back home. Paul amassed 177 delegates to this year’s convention, even though he didn’t win a single primary. Paul briefly showed up on the convention floor, signing autographs and posing for photos. As he left the arena, he declined to say if he felt his delegates were being treated unfairly. “I’ll let you know when it’s over,” he said. Supporters of the new rules say voters expect the delegate count to reflect the outcome of state primaries and caucuses. The convention’s rules committee made slight revisions to updates they made last week before the start of the convention. “These rules will provide a strong governing framework for our convention and for our party,” said former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu, who headed the rules committee. Mississippi Republican National Committeeman Henry Barbour said delegates shouldn’t let a rules fight distract from the goal of beating Democratic President Barack Obama. Published: Aug. 28, 2012, 9:25 p.m. </s>" <s> Tue., Aug. 28, 2012, 9:25 p.m. TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Feeling slighted, supporters of Texas Rep. Ron Paul’s presidential bid chanted and booed Tuesday after Republican convention delegates adopted new rules that could impede insurgent candidates in the future. The rules are designed to limit the ability of insurgent presidential candidates to amass delegates to future Republican conventions. They will bind delegates to the outcome of presidential primaries and caucuses, preventing a candidate like Paul from pushing up their delegate counts at state conventions. Paul delegates saw them as a power play by the Republican old guard. “If you’re trying to win a presidential campaign and put on a show, you shouldn’t poke a sharp stick in the eye of conservative activists. That’s what happened,” said Colorado delegate Dudley Brown, who leads a gun rights organization back home. Paul amassed 177 delegates to this year’s convention, even though he didn’t win a single primary. Paul briefly showed up on the convention floor, signing autographs and posing for photos. As he left the arena, he declined to say if he felt his delegates were being treated unfairly. “I’ll let you know when it’s over,” he said. Supporters of the new rules say voters expect the delegate count to reflect the outcome of state primaries and caucuses. The convention’s rules committee made slight revisions to updates they made last week before the start of the convention. “These rules will provide a strong governing framework for our convention and for our party,” said former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu, who headed the rules committee. Mississippi Republican National Committeeman Henry Barbour said delegates shouldn’t let a rules fight distract from the goal of beating Democratic President Barack Obama. Published: Aug. 28, 2012, 9:25 p.m. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> NEW YORK, Nov. 8, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Genpact (NYSE: G), a global professional services firm focused on delivering digital transformation, today announced the launch of a new digital innovation hub in Bentonville, Arkansas to expand the company's services for the retail and consumer goods industries. Genpact's investment in Bentonville reflects its commitment to and deep experience in the retail and consumer goods industries, with clients including Walmart (NYSE: WMT). Genpact is co-innovating with Walmart to transform Walmart's finance and accounting back-office operations located in Bentonville, helping to fuel growth. The digital innovation hub builds on both Walmart's position as an industry leader, and Genpact's expertise in advanced digital technologies and domain and process depth in retail and consumer goods. In its work with Walmart, Genpact will help manage part of Walmart's finance and accounting operations. All of Walmart'sBentonville-based finance solutions associates affected by this transition will be offered employment with Genpact at its new digital innovation hub, providing career opportunities that take advantage of Genpact's deep expertise in finance transformation. Genpact (NYSE: G) is a global professional services firm that makes business transformation real. We drive digital-led innovation and digitally-enabled intelligent operations for our clients, guided by our experience running thousands of processes for hundreds of Global Fortune 500 companies. We think with design, dream in digital, and solve problems with data and analytics. We obsess over operations and focus on the details - all 80,000+ of us. From New York to New Delhi and more than 20 countries in between, Genpact has the end-to-end expertise to connect every dot, reimagine every process, and reinvent companies' ways of working. We know that rethinking each step from start to finish will create better business outcomes. Whatever it is, we'll be there with you - putting data and digital to work to create bold, lasting results - because transformation happens here. Get to know us at Genpact.com and on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook. </s>" <s> NEW YORK, Nov. 8, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Genpact (NYSE: G), a global professional services firm focused on delivering digital transformation, today announced the launch of a new digital innovation hub in Bentonville, Arkansas to expand the company's services for the retail and consumer goods industries. Genpact's investment in Bentonville reflects its commitment to and deep experience in the retail and consumer goods industries, with clients including Walmart (NYSE: WMT). Genpact is co-innovating with Walmart to transform Walmart's finance and accounting back-office operations located in Bentonville, helping to fuel growth. The digital innovation hub builds on both Walmart's position as an industry leader, and Genpact's expertise in advanced digital technologies and domain and process depth in retail and consumer goods. In its work with Walmart, Genpact will help manage part of Walmart's finance and accounting operations. All of Walmart'sBentonville-based finance solutions associates affected by this transition will be offered employment with Genpact at its new digital innovation hub, providing career opportunities that take advantage of Genpact's deep expertise in finance transformation. Genpact (NYSE: G) is a global professional services firm that makes business transformation real. We drive digital-led innovation and digitally-enabled intelligent operations for our clients, guided by our experience running thousands of processes for hundreds of Global Fortune 500 companies. We think with design, dream in digital, and solve problems with data and analytics. We obsess over operations and focus on the details - all 80,000+ of us. From New York to New Delhi and more than 20 countries in between, Genpact has the end-to-end expertise to connect every dot, reimagine every process, and reinvent companies' ways of working. We know that rethinking each step from start to finish will create better business outcomes. Whatever it is, we'll be there with you - putting data and digital to work to create bold, lasting results - because transformation happens here. Get to know us at Genpact.com and on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Free to Grow and Pick! When you think of Bath, England, you mostly think of the ancient Roman Baths or stately Georgian architecture. That is, if you think of anything at all besides claw foot tubs and jokes about drinking the bathwater. You most certainly don’t think of a thriving food system and underground guerilla gardening. Read more: Free to Grow and Pick! Two and a half days to drive cross country, Seattle to Chapel Hill, NC, an undertaking that came with a price; both myself and my partner in crime found ourselves ripe from days sans shower and exhausted both from sleep deprivation and a diet of fried chicken, mountain dew, and sunflower seeds. Like many plants that have fallen out of favor, the dandelion used to be a staple in seed catalogs. Now it is considered a weed: a plant out of place. Terri Gardner presents this podcast sharing the positive traits of the humble dandelion. </s>" <s> Free to Grow and Pick! When you think of Bath, England, you mostly think of the ancient Roman Baths or stately Georgian architecture. That is, if you think of anything at all besides claw foot tubs and jokes about drinking the bathwater. You most certainly don’t think of a thriving food system and underground guerilla gardening. Read more: Free to Grow and Pick! Two and a half days to drive cross country, Seattle to Chapel Hill, NC, an undertaking that came with a price; both myself and my partner in crime found ourselves ripe from days sans shower and exhausted both from sleep deprivation and a diet of fried chicken, mountain dew, and sunflower seeds. Like many plants that have fallen out of favor, the dandelion used to be a staple in seed catalogs. Now it is considered a weed: a plant out of place. Terri Gardner presents this podcast sharing the positive traits of the humble dandelion. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> I’ve not been exactly quiet that I am less than happy with the reveal of the 2020 Toyota Supra. I find it not too attractive from many angles, and I think for the the money the car should have loads more power. That said, I am excited about the Supra TRD concept that Toyota is showing off. The tricked-out Supra is festooned with carbon fiber aero bits that look as if they might be functional. Engineers looked at six areas to improve aerodynamics including the front bumper, wheels, side skirts, door garnish, rear bumper, and spoiler. The wheels are 19-inch forged aluminum units, but all the other bits are carbon fiber. That front spoiler is very cool with large fins, and is designed to reduce lift and add downforce. The side skirts lower the car’s center of gravity and the door garnish helps air travel to the rear of the car without as much turbulence. The big rear diffuser has spats on the end, and the spoiler helps with rear downforce. The body touches look really nice as well. </s>" <s> I’ve not been exactly quiet that I am less than happy with the reveal of the 2020 Toyota Supra. I find it not too attractive from many angles, and I think for the the money the car should have loads more power. That said, I am excited about the Supra TRD concept that Toyota is showing off. The tricked-out Supra is festooned with carbon fiber aero bits that look as if they might be functional. Engineers looked at six areas to improve aerodynamics including the front bumper, wheels, side skirts, door garnish, rear bumper, and spoiler. The wheels are 19-inch forged aluminum units, but all the other bits are carbon fiber. That front spoiler is very cool with large fins, and is designed to reduce lift and add downforce. The side skirts lower the car’s center of gravity and the door garnish helps air travel to the rear of the car without as much turbulence. The big rear diffuser has spats on the end, and the spoiler helps with rear downforce. The body touches look really nice as well. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Dive into an imaginative, fun, and life transforming adventure story. Go on an incredible journey, meet unforgettable mythological merfolk and faerie people amidst deep oceans and ancient forests all joining forces to heal humanity and our beloved Mother Earth. Love to you on your journey. Click the cover to read a 30 page excerpt. Carina Coen is originally from Galway, Ireland, a country well known for folklore and magical stories of Leprechauns. Carina has written a new twist on ‘Faerie-Tales’, in an unusual and imaginative mix of fantasy-story-telling and Environmental and Educational messages for the reader. She challenges the current economic and human way of thinking, to weave a global miracle to shift humanity into peace and the healing of the Earth. Celia Gregory has dedicated the last decade to bringing creativity and positivity into the marine conservation agenda. In 2009 she founded the Marine Foundation, an eco-art organisation which pioneered the International Living Sculptures in the Sea program, creating underwater art that restores coral reefs and supports the local communities who depend on them. Her education program, Zaza the Mermaid, engages children in storytelling and art, whereby learning about her friends; the animals in the sea and the threats they face. Celia’s style and inspiration is a perfect match for Sylvie’s Wish. </s>" <s> Dive into an imaginative, fun, and life transforming adventure story. Go on an incredible journey, meet unforgettable mythological merfolk and faerie people amidst deep oceans and ancient forests all joining forces to heal humanity and our beloved Mother Earth. Love to you on your journey. Click the cover to read a 30 page excerpt. Carina Coen is originally from Galway, Ireland, a country well known for folklore and magical stories of Leprechauns. Carina has written a new twist on ‘Faerie-Tales’, in an unusual and imaginative mix of fantasy-story-telling and Environmental and Educational messages for the reader. She challenges the current economic and human way of thinking, to weave a global miracle to shift humanity into peace and the healing of the Earth. Celia Gregory has dedicated the last decade to bringing creativity and positivity into the marine conservation agenda. In 2009 she founded the Marine Foundation, an eco-art organisation which pioneered the International Living Sculptures in the Sea program, creating underwater art that restores coral reefs and supports the local communities who depend on them. Her education program, Zaza the Mermaid, engages children in storytelling and art, whereby learning about her friends; the animals in the sea and the threats they face. Celia’s style and inspiration is a perfect match for Sylvie’s Wish. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
"<s> CPSC's Middle School serves fifth through eighth grades. The middle school is at 121 Hunt Street, half a mile southeast of our elementary school building and just a block east of Durham's Central Park. Our mascot is the phoenix. CPSC Middle School empowers all students to become ethical, caring, and critical democratic citizens. We are dedicated to creating a diverse, safe, and supportive community where our students can take risks, grow, and explore their unique strengths and interests. We aim to graduate students who are . . . active, compassionate and responsible citizens, who are caring and curious about the world. well equipped with the skills and habits of mind needed to lead productive lives and the confidence to pursue their goals. Hallmarks of our school include . . . Our Expeditionary Learning-inspired curriculum takes CPSC's child-centered, project-based approach to the next level for students entering adolescence. Expeditionary Learning (EL) is active, challenging and collaborative. With its emphasis on adventure and exploration, its focus on diversity and inclusion, and its incorporation of service, fieldwork, and outdoor learning, EL is a natural fit for our young scholars. Arts and technology are woven into our curriculum, giving students lots of outlets for their ideas. And our dynamic electives program offers foreign language, art, music, technology/maker, and more. By offering their time and skills to the community, our students blossom into responsible, compassionate, contributing members of society. Whether it's reading with CPSC kindergartners or filling a need for one of our neighbors, service learning is a regular part of our school week. </s>" <s> CPSC's Middle School serves fifth through eighth grades. The middle school is at 121 Hunt Street, half a mile southeast of our elementary school building and just a block east of Durham's Central Park. Our mascot is the phoenix. CPSC Middle School empowers all students to become ethical, caring, and critical democratic citizens. We are dedicated to creating a diverse, safe, and supportive community where our students can take risks, grow, and explore their unique strengths and interests. We aim to graduate students who are . . . active, compassionate and responsible citizens, who are caring and curious about the world. well equipped with the skills and habits of mind needed to lead productive lives and the confidence to pursue their goals. Hallmarks of our school include . . . Our Expeditionary Learning-inspired curriculum takes CPSC's child-centered, project-based approach to the next level for students entering adolescence. Expeditionary Learning (EL) is active, challenging and collaborative. With its emphasis on adventure and exploration, its focus on diversity and inclusion, and its incorporation of service, fieldwork, and outdoor learning, EL is a natural fit for our young scholars. Arts and technology are woven into our curriculum, giving students lots of outlets for their ideas. And our dynamic electives program offers foreign language, art, music, technology/maker, and more. By offering their time and skills to the community, our students blossom into responsible, compassionate, contributing members of society. Whether it's reading with CPSC kindergartners or filling a need for one of our neighbors, service learning is a regular part of our school week. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
"<s> Get rid of black spots on your lips with 4 simple home remes how to get rid of dark spots on lips dr rasya dixit remove dark black patches around mouth in 15 minutes get rid of hyper pigmentation. 10 Best Home Remes To Cure Black Spots On The Lips Treat Black Spots On Lip With 4 Simple Home Remes Rewardme How To Get Rid Of Dark Spots On Lips Dr Rasya Dixit You Remove Dark Black ... python how to find java in windows Signs and Symptoms. Dark spots on lips are one of health and beauty problem that can really bother you. Black spots or patches on either lower or upper lip can cause your lips to look less attractive. Good news is that dark spots on the lips caused by amalgam tattoos can be removed by laser treatment. Smoker’s melanosis is the type of dark lip discoloration that is caused by smoking. The only way of this is to quit smoking which lowers your risk of getting mouth cancer; another cause of lip freckles. Beetroot can be used to get rid of black spots on lips. This is because it contains bleaching properties just like lemon juice and apple cider vinegar. You can use this product in 2 ways; This is because it contains bleaching properties just like lemon juice and apple cider vinegar. Black and brown spots on your lips appear as discoloration that leaves your lips with an uneven skin tone. The problem is common in people who smoke since it is believed that smoking discolors the skin, leaves black spots, patches, wrinkles and even dark circles under eyes. </s>" <s> Get rid of black spots on your lips with 4 simple home remes how to get rid of dark spots on lips dr rasya dixit remove dark black patches around mouth in 15 minutes get rid of hyper pigmentation. 10 Best Home Remes To Cure Black Spots On The Lips Treat Black Spots On Lip With 4 Simple Home Remes Rewardme How To Get Rid Of Dark Spots On Lips Dr Rasya Dixit You Remove Dark Black ... python how to find java in windows Signs and Symptoms. Dark spots on lips are one of health and beauty problem that can really bother you. Black spots or patches on either lower or upper lip can cause your lips to look less attractive. Good news is that dark spots on the lips caused by amalgam tattoos can be removed by laser treatment. Smoker’s melanosis is the type of dark lip discoloration that is caused by smoking. The only way of this is to quit smoking which lowers your risk of getting mouth cancer; another cause of lip freckles. Beetroot can be used to get rid of black spots on lips. This is because it contains bleaching properties just like lemon juice and apple cider vinegar. You can use this product in 2 ways; This is because it contains bleaching properties just like lemon juice and apple cider vinegar. Black and brown spots on your lips appear as discoloration that leaves your lips with an uneven skin tone. The problem is common in people who smoke since it is believed that smoking discolors the skin, leaves black spots, patches, wrinkles and even dark circles under eyes. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> The Samsung Galaxy A80 – A Phone with Sliding Rotating Cameras! Honestly, I was just expecting another Galaxy A phone with better features to be announced today. Boy, I am so glad to be wrong right now! The newly announced Samsung Galaxy A80 is a message by the Korean smartphone giant that their innovation doesn’t only end up with their high-end phones. The Samsung Galaxy A80’s 3,700mAh battery and its Super-Fast Charging at 25W capabilities keep you connected for longer and give you more freedom by allowing you to charge your phone quickly – so you don’t miss a beat. It also features an intelligent battery which learns your daily routine and app usage patterns to optimize your phone’s power consumption. The Adaptive Power Saving Mode enables users to be reassured knowing the smart battery is running most efficiently for the best performance needed. The Samsung Galaxy A80 is available in two colors: Angel Gold and Phantom Black. The Gold color includes elements of pink so these colors look different depending on light direction and reflection. Samsung has not yet released the pricing for the Galaxy A80. We’ll keep you posted as soon as we receive word from them. </s>" <s> The Samsung Galaxy A80 – A Phone with Sliding Rotating Cameras! Honestly, I was just expecting another Galaxy A phone with better features to be announced today. Boy, I am so glad to be wrong right now! The newly announced Samsung Galaxy A80 is a message by the Korean smartphone giant that their innovation doesn’t only end up with their high-end phones. The Samsung Galaxy A80’s 3,700mAh battery and its Super-Fast Charging at 25W capabilities keep you connected for longer and give you more freedom by allowing you to charge your phone quickly – so you don’t miss a beat. It also features an intelligent battery which learns your daily routine and app usage patterns to optimize your phone’s power consumption. The Adaptive Power Saving Mode enables users to be reassured knowing the smart battery is running most efficiently for the best performance needed. The Samsung Galaxy A80 is available in two colors: Angel Gold and Phantom Black. The Gold color includes elements of pink so these colors look different depending on light direction and reflection. Samsung has not yet released the pricing for the Galaxy A80. We’ll keep you posted as soon as we receive word from them. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
"<s> The Delaware County Board of Commissioners is currently seeking to appoint two regular members and one alternate member to the Rural Zoning Commission. This Commission consists of five regular members who each serve a five-year term and the two alternates also serving five year terms. The Delaware County Board of Commissioners is seeking to appoint one member to serve a full term beginning Jan. 1, 2018 and ending on Dec. 31, 2022; one member to serve an unexpired term ending Dec. 31, 2019; and one alternate. The Rural Zoning Commission forms a cohesive, diversified group. Members shall be residents of the unincorporated area of the county included in the zoned area (Marlboro, Radnor and Thompson townships). • Make formal recommendations on all amendments. </s>" <s> The Delaware County Board of Commissioners is currently seeking to appoint two regular members and one alternate member to the Rural Zoning Commission. This Commission consists of five regular members who each serve a five-year term and the two alternates also serving five year terms. The Delaware County Board of Commissioners is seeking to appoint one member to serve a full term beginning Jan. 1, 2018 and ending on Dec. 31, 2022; one member to serve an unexpired term ending Dec. 31, 2019; and one alternate. The Rural Zoning Commission forms a cohesive, diversified group. Members shall be residents of the unincorporated area of the county included in the zoned area (Marlboro, Radnor and Thompson townships). • Make formal recommendations on all amendments. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> A 3-way tie for the round of Spain. Rachel Pascoe, ManhattanMike and sharkdiver top scored with 47 points each. The average score was 29.48. No player managed to pick all 8 finishers or 7 of the top 8 finishers this round. As more than one player top scored, the winner is the player who submitted their picks earliest. So congratulations to Rachel Pascoe, you have won a NewsOnF1 Compact Smart Digital Clock with Alarm. ManhattanMike and sharkdiver rolled their picks from a previous round. All 3 top scorers managed to pick 6 of the top 8 finishers with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 8th in their exact finishing place. Picking Kimi Raikkonen for pole earned them 4 additional points and scored a bonus 4 points for picking 6 and Pole! </s>" <s> A 3-way tie for the round of Spain. Rachel Pascoe, ManhattanMike and sharkdiver top scored with 47 points each. The average score was 29.48. No player managed to pick all 8 finishers or 7 of the top 8 finishers this round. As more than one player top scored, the winner is the player who submitted their picks earliest. So congratulations to Rachel Pascoe, you have won a NewsOnF1 Compact Smart Digital Clock with Alarm. ManhattanMike and sharkdiver rolled their picks from a previous round. All 3 top scorers managed to pick 6 of the top 8 finishers with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 8th in their exact finishing place. Picking Kimi Raikkonen for pole earned them 4 additional points and scored a bonus 4 points for picking 6 and Pole! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
"<s> Because of the influence of Venus, July 2015 is a positive and above all loving month of Pisces! The focus of July 2015 is mainly on relationships. Your family demands your full attention. The Full Moon of July 2, 2015 is in your House of Friendships. A new friendship will flourish. In the first half of the month, you will find love in the workplace. You may get feelings for your boss or colleague. The second half of July 2015 will be even more beautiful! The New Moon of July 16, 2015 happens in your House of Love and Romance! A new love arises and thrives. In a committed relationship you consider a marriage or perhaps a child. In the second half of July 2015 things get even better when Venus enters your House of Relationships. July 2015 starts a bit uneasy regarding the home front. Home and family demands your full attention this month. Should there still be a problem in your family or with relatives, stay calm and do not force a solution. It's good that you all want to help, but also pay attention to your own desires. Nothing much happens in your career this month. Your home and family and family demands your attention. If you are looking for a job, you'll most succeed after July 23, 2015. Follow your hearts’s desire when you search for a job, but also if you are planning to start your own business. Never mind what the people say. These are not always the people who have your best interests. You get help with problems in your new job or business. Do not try to do everything on your own, accept the help that is offered. In your company it is important to maintain business relationships with employees or associates. You are in charge of your own life! The first half of July 2015 seems prosperous regarding your finances. Revenues come from your own contribution, own strength and own idea. Your spouse or partner is helpful with your financial goals. Your financial intuition is flawless. The second half of July 2015shows a different picture. At the end of July 2015 you have to deal with financial challenges. Be careful that you do not spend too much money this month, Pisces. July 2015 is a good month for your health. Clear your head and enjoy life to the fullest Lose yourself in a fun hobby and you will notice that you have less stress, Pisces. The more you enjoy your life, the more energy you have to fully enjoy the love energy of July 2015 !. This is the month of choice to use your charms in order to achieve your goal as planned. Happiness does not always knock at your door, Pisces and it makes no sense to blame others for wishes that do not come true. It's up to you to determine the direction you want to go! Go shopping and pamper yourself at the hairdresser. Then you're in shape when you have that magical encounter! The day of the Blue Moon July 31, 2015 is a day to plan something special! </s>" <s> Because of the influence of Venus, July 2015 is a positive and above all loving month of Pisces! The focus of July 2015 is mainly on relationships. Your family demands your full attention. The Full Moon of July 2, 2015 is in your House of Friendships. A new friendship will flourish. In the first half of the month, you will find love in the workplace. You may get feelings for your boss or colleague. The second half of July 2015 will be even more beautiful! The New Moon of July 16, 2015 happens in your House of Love and Romance! A new love arises and thrives. In a committed relationship you consider a marriage or perhaps a child. In the second half of July 2015 things get even better when Venus enters your House of Relationships. July 2015 starts a bit uneasy regarding the home front. Home and family demands your full attention this month. Should there still be a problem in your family or with relatives, stay calm and do not force a solution. It's good that you all want to help, but also pay attention to your own desires. Nothing much happens in your career this month. Your home and family and family demands your attention. If you are looking for a job, you'll most succeed after July 23, 2015. Follow your hearts’s desire when you search for a job, but also if you are planning to start your own business. Never mind what the people say. These are not always the people who have your best interests. You get help with problems in your new job or business. Do not try to do everything on your own, accept the help that is offered. In your company it is important to maintain business relationships with employees or associates. You are in charge of your own life! The first half of July 2015 seems prosperous regarding your finances. Revenues come from your own contribution, own strength and own idea. Your spouse or partner is helpful with your financial goals. Your financial intuition is flawless. The second half of July 2015shows a different picture. At the end of July 2015 you have to deal with financial challenges. Be careful that you do not spend too much money this month, Pisces. July 2015 is a good month for your health. Clear your head and enjoy life to the fullest Lose yourself in a fun hobby and you will notice that you have less stress, Pisces. The more you enjoy your life, the more energy you have to fully enjoy the love energy of July 2015 !. This is the month of choice to use your charms in order to achieve your goal as planned. Happiness does not always knock at your door, Pisces and it makes no sense to blame others for wishes that do not come true. It's up to you to determine the direction you want to go! Go shopping and pamper yourself at the hairdresser. Then you're in shape when you have that magical encounter! The day of the Blue Moon July 31, 2015 is a day to plan something special! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Waking up to the view of Yelapa Bay from Casa Luna is simply divine! This uniquely-built two-story casita is ideal for a spiritual retreat, romance, or just some peaceful relaxation. The upper level has a hanging queen-size bed, a small private living room and a hammock fit for two. The main floor has a stationary queen-sized bed, a twin bed/couch, a palapa-roofed bathroom and a full kitchen that includes a four-burner stove, a refrigerator, a coffee maker and a blender. The high ceiling and skylight in the kitchen create a feeling of openness and light which abound throughout Casa Luna. All our casitas come stocked with linens, towels and dishes for your comfort and a lockbox for your valuables. *Rates based on occupancy of four. Casa Luna sleeps a total of five. Add $20 for each additional guest for parties larger than four. **Low season: June — October. ***An additional 10% applies during the week of Christmas, New Year’s and Easter/Semana Santa. There is a 7 day minimum stay required during those holiday periods. ****A 7% Hospitality tax will be added to the total. Are you ready to come for a visit? Use the calendar on the sidebar to find a suitable time to come, then click the button below to reserve Casa Luna! </s>" <s> Waking up to the view of Yelapa Bay from Casa Luna is simply divine! This uniquely-built two-story casita is ideal for a spiritual retreat, romance, or just some peaceful relaxation. The upper level has a hanging queen-size bed, a small private living room and a hammock fit for two. The main floor has a stationary queen-sized bed, a twin bed/couch, a palapa-roofed bathroom and a full kitchen that includes a four-burner stove, a refrigerator, a coffee maker and a blender. The high ceiling and skylight in the kitchen create a feeling of openness and light which abound throughout Casa Luna. All our casitas come stocked with linens, towels and dishes for your comfort and a lockbox for your valuables. *Rates based on occupancy of four. Casa Luna sleeps a total of five. Add $20 for each additional guest for parties larger than four. **Low season: June — October. ***An additional 10% applies during the week of Christmas, New Year’s and Easter/Semana Santa. There is a 7 day minimum stay required during those holiday periods. ****A 7% Hospitality tax will be added to the total. Are you ready to come for a visit? Use the calendar on the sidebar to find a suitable time to come, then click the button below to reserve Casa Luna! </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Something had just transpired in the Capitals’ crease, but Trevor Hanger wasn’t sure exactly what. He sat up straight in his upper deck seat at Capital One Arena. On the ice below, goaltender Braden Holtby had lost his mask and now was skating toward the home team’s bench for medical attention. Holtby squinted his left eye as athletic trainer Jason Serbus leaned in for a closer look. Hanger, who was sitting in Section 407 with his wife, watched the situation intently. Moments later, Holtby opened the dasher board door and headed down the tunnel that leads to the Caps’ dressing room. Backup goalie Pheonix Copley, meantime, began suiting up. In the blink of an eye, Holtby was out, Copley was in and Hanger’s blood pressure had started to spike. For each of the past two seasons, four amateur goaltenders have split emergency backup duty in Washington. On this particular Saturday night — January 12th vs. </s>" <s> Something had just transpired in the Capitals’ crease, but Trevor Hanger wasn’t sure exactly what. He sat up straight in his upper deck seat at Capital One Arena. On the ice below, goaltender Braden Holtby had lost his mask and now was skating toward the home team’s bench for medical attention. Holtby squinted his left eye as athletic trainer Jason Serbus leaned in for a closer look. Hanger, who was sitting in Section 407 with his wife, watched the situation intently. Moments later, Holtby opened the dasher board door and headed down the tunnel that leads to the Caps’ dressing room. Backup goalie Pheonix Copley, meantime, began suiting up. In the blink of an eye, Holtby was out, Copley was in and Hanger’s blood pressure had started to spike. For each of the past two seasons, four amateur goaltenders have split emergency backup duty in Washington. On this particular Saturday night — January 12th vs. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
"<s> Bill Hader On Sketch Comedy, His Love Of Old Films Saturday Night Live's Bill Hader, nominated for an Emmy for his character Stefon, an obsessive clubgoer, says he needs a character to be funny. Hader tells Fresh Air that he doesn't know how people do standup — and that watching old films as a child sparked his interest in Hollywood. Bill Hader was nominated for an Emmy as Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his role as Stefon on Saturday Night Live. Comedian Bill Hader is adept onstage and doing live performances. But he's scared to death of standup. He says he remembers watching Chris Rock's 1996 HBO special, Bring the Pain, and thinking, ""I don't know how people do that."" ""I need a character,"" Hader tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. ""I need people out there with me."" So Hader has stuck with sketch comedy — where he has been wildly successful. He joined the Saturday Night Live cast seven years ago along with Kristen Wiig and Andy Samberg, who both recently left the show. And he's garnered quite a bit of laughs and attention — including a recent Emmy nomination — for his role as Stefon, an obsessive New York clubgoer and nightlife critic. ""The majority of people come up to me and say 'I'm a Stefon,' or 'I've been called a Stefon,' or 'I used to date someone like Stefon,' "" Hader says. He cites one person who approached him to say he ""liked that Stefon was gay, but it's not the joke that he's gay."" Hader says that he and John Mulaney, a writer for Saturday Night Live who co-created the character of Stefon with Hader, appreciated that comment, because it meant the viewer got what they were going for. The joke is ""more about how [Stefon's] doing a bad job and on a lot of drugs,"" Hader says. Hader says that as a child, he loved watching old movies with his family — and he was always interested in what was going on behind the scenes. So when he moved to Los Angeles to begin a career in entertainment, he intended to direct films. He found work as a production assistant on both low-budget and expensive Hollywood films for nearly four years before joining the sketch-comedy group Second City. Hader was eventually noticed by actress Megan Mullally (formerly of Will and Grace), who recommended him to Saturday Night Live producer Lorne Michaels. Hader was nominated for an Emmy as Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. The last Saturday Night Live cast member to be nominated in this category was Eddie Murphy in 1983. ""I remember getting in the elevator for my audition and there was a guy next to me who had a backpack full of props and wigs and things, and I went, 'Oh my god, that guy is so prepared, I have nothing, I have no props.' And that was Andy Samberg. And Andy Samberg said he was looking at me going, 'Oh, that guy has no props. He doesn't need props.' And that was the first time we met, was in that elevator."" ""That moment is one of my favorite moments because it's a great film moment, but I just think of my mom ... getting choked up ... so that feeling, you just become a junkie for it. I just want that feeling over and over again."" ""And I went there, and that's when I realized there are people my age performing sketch comedy and performing improv theater, and I said, 'Oh, I need to be doing something creative. I've been here for almost five years and I've done nothing creative; I'm gonna do that."" ""What I'm seeing is are the camera guys are laughing, the cue cards are shaking because the cue card guys are laughing. Beyond that, I can see some of the writers, I can see Andy Samberg, people against the wall in 8H [the studio where SNL is filmed], they're all laughing, and then that kind of started it in John's mind."" A previous Web version of the story, as does the audio, incorrectly identified actress Maureen O'Hara as Maureen O'Sullivan. </s>" <s> Bill Hader On Sketch Comedy, His Love Of Old Films Saturday Night Live's Bill Hader, nominated for an Emmy for his character Stefon, an obsessive clubgoer, says he needs a character to be funny. Hader tells Fresh Air that he doesn't know how people do standup — and that watching old films as a child sparked his interest in Hollywood. Bill Hader was nominated for an Emmy as Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his role as Stefon on Saturday Night Live. Comedian Bill Hader is adept onstage and doing live performances. But he's scared to death of standup. He says he remembers watching Chris Rock's 1996 HBO special, Bring the Pain, and thinking, """I" don't know how people do "that.""" """I" need a "character,""" Hader tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. """I" need people out there with "me.""" So Hader has stuck with sketch comedy — where he has been wildly successful. He joined the Saturday Night Live cast seven years ago along with Kristen Wiig and Andy Samberg, who both recently left the show. And he's garnered quite a bit of laughs and attention — including a recent Emmy nomination — for his role as Stefon, an obsessive New York clubgoer and nightlife critic. """The" majority of people come up to me and say 'I'm a Stefon,' or 'I've been called a Stefon,' or 'I used to date someone like Stefon,' """" Hader says. He cites one person who approached him to say he """liked" that Stefon was gay, but it's not the joke that he's "gay.""" Hader says that he and John Mulaney, a writer for Saturday Night Live who co-created the character of Stefon with Hader, appreciated that comment, because it meant the viewer got what they were going for. The joke is """more" about how [Stefon's] doing a bad job and on a lot of "drugs,""" Hader says. Hader says that as a child, he loved watching old movies with his family — and he was always interested in what was going on behind the scenes. So when he moved to Los Angeles to begin a career in entertainment, he intended to direct films. He found work as a production assistant on both low-budget and expensive Hollywood films for nearly four years before joining the sketch-comedy group Second City. Hader was eventually noticed by actress Megan Mullally (formerly of Will and Grace), who recommended him to Saturday Night Live producer Lorne Michaels. Hader was nominated for an Emmy as Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. The last Saturday Night Live cast member to be nominated in this category was Eddie Murphy in 1983. """I" remember getting in the elevator for my audition and there was a guy next to me who had a backpack full of props and wigs and things, and I went, 'Oh my god, that guy is so prepared, I have nothing, I have no props.' And that was Andy Samberg. And Andy Samberg said he was looking at me going, 'Oh, that guy has no props. He doesn't need props.' And that was the first time we met, was in that "elevator.""" """That" moment is one of my favorite moments because it's a great film moment, but I just think of my mom ... getting choked up ... so that feeling, you just become a junkie for it. I just want that feeling over and over "again.""" """And" I went there, and that's when I realized there are people my age performing sketch comedy and performing improv theater, and I said, 'Oh, I need to be doing something creative. I've been here for almost five years and I've done nothing creative; I'm gonna do "that.""" """What" I'm seeing is are the camera guys are laughing, the cue cards are shaking because the cue card guys are laughing. Beyond that, I can see some of the writers, I can see Andy Samberg, people against the wall in 8H [the studio where SNL is filmed], they're all laughing, and then that kind of started it in John's "mind.""" A previous Web version of the story, as does the audio, incorrectly identified actress Maureen O'Hara as Maureen O'Sullivan. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Israel has a highly developed medicinal cannabis scene, and its eight licensed providers supply their patients with dozens of different strains painstakingly bred to deliver specific cannabinoid ratios. Here’s a quick look at the finest strains offered by three of Israel’s most prominent medicinal providers – Tikun Olam, Seach and Teva Adir. This frosty, sativa-dominant strain from Israel’s foremost medicinal cannabis provider, Tikun Olam, is very high in THC (25-29 percent) with 1 percent CBD and 0.9 percent CBN. Alaska is used to treat patients with cancer, chronic pain, nausea, appetite loss, Crohn’s, colitis and multiple sclerosis. At the other end of the spectrum, this world-renowned strain is exceptionally high in CBD (14-16.3 percent) and low in THC (1 percent). It also contains up to 1.1 percent CBC. It is used to treat patients with cancer, epilepsy, inflammatory pain, PTSD, arthritis, fibromyalgia, Crohn’s and colitis. Teva Adir is another highly-respected provider, who are busy developing strains that thrive in Israel’s unique climate. A hybrid of two Spanish strains, Critical and Juanita, the Royal Medic contains equivalent concentrations of THC and CBD, and has broad anti-inflammatory and anti-anxiety applications. Royal Medic has an aroma of hashish and a fruity, spicy flavor. </s>" <s> Israel has a highly developed medicinal cannabis scene, and its eight licensed providers supply their patients with dozens of different strains painstakingly bred to deliver specific cannabinoid ratios. Here’s a quick look at the finest strains offered by three of Israel’s most prominent medicinal providers – Tikun Olam, Seach and Teva Adir. This frosty, sativa-dominant strain from Israel’s foremost medicinal cannabis provider, Tikun Olam, is very high in THC (25-29 percent) with 1 percent CBD and 0.9 percent CBN. Alaska is used to treat patients with cancer, chronic pain, nausea, appetite loss, Crohn’s, colitis and multiple sclerosis. At the other end of the spectrum, this world-renowned strain is exceptionally high in CBD (14-16.3 percent) and low in THC (1 percent). It also contains up to 1.1 percent CBC. It is used to treat patients with cancer, epilepsy, inflammatory pain, PTSD, arthritis, fibromyalgia, Crohn’s and colitis. Teva Adir is another highly-respected provider, who are busy developing strains that thrive in Israel’s unique climate. A hybrid of two Spanish strains, Critical and Juanita, the Royal Medic contains equivalent concentrations of THC and CBD, and has broad anti-inflammatory and anti-anxiety applications. Royal Medic has an aroma of hashish and a fruity, spicy flavor. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"<s> Click on the manual cover to open the PDF. If you need further assistance or need more information, please contact us at 919-776-8341 or via email at info@steff-usa.com. We will return your inquiry within the next business day. </s>" <s> Click on the manual cover to open the PDF. If you need further assistance or need more information, please contact us at 919-776-8341 or via email at info@steff-usa.com. We will return your inquiry within the next business day. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"<s> Austin rock band Spoon has been mak­ing music since it was found­ed in 1993, releas­ing increas­ing­ly pop­u­lar albums, from their 1996 LP Tele­phono to their newest album, Trans­fer­ence, released on the 19th. Spoon has long built their music on a sol­id rock base with the instru­men­tal flour­ish­es that make Spoon Spoon, and that’s what Trans­fer­ence dis­plays - though with­out some of the unfet­tered ener­gy of Spoon’s best work. The instru­men­tals on Trans­fer­ence span the entire spec­trum from repet­i­tive and sim­ple to high­ly lay­ered (and only slight­ly repet­i­tive). But while diver­si­ty in this sense is cer­tain­ly desir­able, the instru­men­tals also vary high­ly with respect to qual­i­ty, and not in cor­re­la­tion to com­plex­i­ty. The won­der­ful, dis­so­nant lay­er­ing of the first track works excel­lent­ly with Brett Daniel’s almost grat­ing tones, but “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning,” slight­ly less well orga­nized than oth­er tracks, becomes rather caco­phanous and some­what over­bear­ing. Alter­na­tive­ly, “I Saw the Light” has rel­a­tive­ly few lay­ers, instead using ter­rif­ic pro­gres­sions in layering’s place, while a num­ber of the final tracks on the album get lost among the rest of the tracks due to their over­whelm­ing sim­plic­i­ty. Trans­fer­ence also varies great­ly in its treat­ment of indi­vid­ual parts. The rough sound of the album open­er is fol­lowed with an almost indus­tri­al drum­beat, then off­set by a con­trast­ing gui­tar part. On the third track, how­ev­er, the fair­ly catchy bass line takes the role of push­ing the track along while the drums assume a very basic beat which is main­tained quite steadi­ly. Back­up vocals also serve as a huge part of the album, from their frankly weird entrances on “Is Love For­ev­er?” to their more con­ven­tion­al parts on “Writ­ten in Reverse,” which itself main­tains what is almost a jazz/funk sound. Brett Daniel’s voice has been strik­ing­ly notable in all of Spoon’s work thus far, and Trans­fer­ence is no excep­tion. Daniels switch­es between a con­stant, com­fort­able tone (see “Good­night Lau­ra”) and his trade­mark falset­to, alter­nate­ly cre­at­ing the calm of that track and the curi­ous ener­gy of “Writ­ten in Reverse” (for exam­ple). Though Daniels isn’t quite as emi­nent­ly ener­getic as on some of Spoon’s best albums, there are some good moments on Trans­fer­ence - the raw ener­gy of “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning” brings Tele­phono’s joy­ous ruckus to mind. Lyri­cal­ly, Trans­fer­ence expert­ly skirts the line between non­sense and enter­tain­ment. Daniel sings “Pic­ture your­self / Set up for good in a whole oth­er life / In the mys­tery zone” on “Mys­tery Zone,” declares “Slaves ...on the hors­es / Princes walk the ground like they’re slaves” on “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning,” and sings a lul­labye on “Good­bye Lau­ra.” In this way, Trans­fer­ence man­ages to stay most­ly inter­est­ing. It is true that Trans­fer­ence relies upon a good bit of rep­e­ti­tion - but Daniel and the rest of Spoon gen­er­al­ly know how to keep it enter­tain­ing. Trans­fer­ence is a very mixed album. It is repet­i­tive, and it is solid­ly con­struct­ed. It moves eas­i­ly between dense and open, and it is diverse in many sens­es of the word. Trans­fer­ence has a num­ber of quite sol­id tracks, as well as a dose of weak­er ones. It is, how­ev­er, impor­tant to note that there are no tru­ly amaz­ing tracks. The album at its best is great, not incred­i­ble, and fac­tor­ing in the weak­er parts, Trans­fer­ence as a whole is sim­ply good. </s>" <s> Austin rock band Spoon has been mak­ing music since it was found­ed in 1993, releas­ing increas­ing­ly pop­u­lar albums, from their 1996 LP Tele­phono to their newest album, Trans­fer­ence, released on the 19th. Spoon has long built their music on a sol­id rock base with the instru­men­tal flour­ish­es that make Spoon Spoon, and that’s what Trans­fer­ence dis­plays - though with­out some of the unfet­tered ener­gy of Spoon’s best work. The instru­men­tals on Trans­fer­ence span the entire spec­trum from repet­i­tive and sim­ple to high­ly lay­ered (and only slight­ly repet­i­tive). But while diver­si­ty in this sense is cer­tain­ly desir­able, the instru­men­tals also vary high­ly with respect to qual­i­ty, and not in cor­re­la­tion to com­plex­i­ty. The won­der­ful, dis­so­nant lay­er­ing of the first track works excel­lent­ly with Brett Daniel’s almost grat­ing tones, but “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning,” slight­ly less well orga­nized than oth­er tracks, becomes rather caco­phanous and some­what over­bear­ing. Alter­na­tive­ly, “I Saw the Light” has rel­a­tive­ly few lay­ers, instead using ter­rif­ic pro­gres­sions in layering’s place, while a num­ber of the final tracks on the album get lost among the rest of the tracks due to their over­whelm­ing sim­plic­i­ty. Trans­fer­ence also varies great­ly in its treat­ment of indi­vid­ual parts. The rough sound of the album open­er is fol­lowed with an almost indus­tri­al drum­beat, then off­set by a con­trast­ing gui­tar part. On the third track, how­ev­er, the fair­ly catchy bass line takes the role of push­ing the track along while the drums assume a very basic beat which is main­tained quite steadi­ly. Back­up vocals also serve as a huge part of the album, from their frankly weird entrances on “Is Love For­ev­er?” to their more con­ven­tion­al parts on “Writ­ten in Reverse,” which itself main­tains what is almost a jazz/funk sound. Brett Daniel’s voice has been strik­ing­ly notable in all of Spoon’s work thus far, and Trans­fer­ence is no excep­tion. Daniels switch­es between a con­stant, com­fort­able tone (see “Good­night Lau­ra”) and his trade­mark falset­to, alter­nate­ly cre­at­ing the calm of that track and the curi­ous ener­gy of “Writ­ten in Reverse” (for exam­ple). Though Daniels isn’t quite as emi­nent­ly ener­getic as on some of Spoon’s best albums, there are some good moments on Trans­fer­ence - the raw ener­gy of “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning” brings Tele­phono’s joy­ous ruckus to mind. Lyri­cal­ly, Trans­fer­ence expert­ly skirts the line between non­sense and enter­tain­ment. Daniel sings “Pic­ture your­self / Set up for good in a whole oth­er life / In the mys­tery zone” on “Mys­tery Zone,” declares “Slaves ...on the hors­es / Princes walk the ground like they’re slaves” on “Trou­ble Comes Run­ning,” and sings a lul­labye on “Good­bye Lau­ra.” In this way, Trans­fer­ence man­ages to stay most­ly inter­est­ing. It is true that Trans­fer­ence relies upon a good bit of rep­e­ti­tion - but Daniel and the rest of Spoon gen­er­al­ly know how to keep it enter­tain­ing. Trans­fer­ence is a very mixed album. It is repet­i­tive, and it is solid­ly con­struct­ed. It moves eas­i­ly between dense and open, and it is diverse in many sens­es of the word. Trans­fer­ence has a num­ber of quite sol­id tracks, as well as a dose of weak­er ones. It is, how­ev­er, impor­tant to note that there are no tru­ly amaz­ing tracks. The album at its best is great, not incred­i­ble, and fac­tor­ing in the weak­er parts, Trans­fer­ence as a whole is sim­ply good. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"<s> A limited number of Sunday Day Tickets are available at the price of £30 (£24). Book before Mon 24 Mar and get a 15% off the price of the Day Ticket. Authors Clare Mulley and Susan Ottaway, whose books The Spy Who Loved and Sisters, Secrets and Sacrifice reveal the thrilling stories of women secret agents in World War II, are joined by Noreen Riols, one of the only surviving SOE agents and author of memoir The Secret Ministry of Ag. and Fish, to delve into the amazing stories of women spies and their heroic work towards winning the war. Clare Mulley is the award-winning author of two biographies, including The Woman Who Saved the Children (2009) and a contributor to The Arvon Book of Life Writing. She is a seasoned public speaker and occasionally writes for publications including History Today, The Spectator, The Express and The Church Times. In The Spy Who Loved, Clare Mulley tells the story of Krystyna Skarbek, aka Christine Granville, who was the first and the longest serving female special agent working for Britain in the Second World War. A Polish countess and beauty queen, in 1939 Christine swapped the comfort and security of life as a diplomat’s wife to make an extraordinary contribution to the Allied war effort in occupied Europe and beyond, where she became one of the most loved as well as one of the most successful female agents of the war. Susan Ottaway is the author of several books including Dambuster: a Life of Guy Gibson VC (1994), (with Jackie George) She Who Dared: Covert Operations in Northern Ireland with the SAS (1999), Violette Szabo – The Life That I Have (2002) and Hitler’s Traitors (2003). Sisters, Secrets and Sacrifice is the true story of sisters Eileen and Jaqueline Nearne, who worked for the Special Operations Executive. In 1944, Eileen Nearne flew into German-occupied France as a wireless operator for the SOE, attached to a circuit in the south of Paris, and was captured and incarcerated in Ravensbrück Concentration camp. Eileen Nearne not only survived the camp but managed to escape from a work party, eventually meeting up with the advancing Americans in the spring of 1945. Meanwhile her sister Jacqueline worked for a very large circuit for 15 months before being brought back to England suffering from exhaustion. days meeting agents returning from behind enemy lines, acting as a decoy, passing on messages in tea rooms and picking up codes in crossword puzzles. </s>" <s> A limited number of Sunday Day Tickets are available at the price of £30 (£24). Book before Mon 24 Mar and get a 15% off the price of the Day Ticket. Authors Clare Mulley and Susan Ottaway, whose books The Spy Who Loved and Sisters, Secrets and Sacrifice reveal the thrilling stories of women secret agents in World War II, are joined by Noreen Riols, one of the only surviving SOE agents and author of memoir The Secret Ministry of Ag. and Fish, to delve into the amazing stories of women spies and their heroic work towards winning the war. Clare Mulley is the award-winning author of two biographies, including The Woman Who Saved the Children (2009) and a contributor to The Arvon Book of Life Writing. She is a seasoned public speaker and occasionally writes for publications including History Today, The Spectator, The Express and The Church Times. In The Spy Who Loved, Clare Mulley tells the story of Krystyna Skarbek, aka Christine Granville, who was the first and the longest serving female special agent working for Britain in the Second World War. A Polish countess and beauty queen, in 1939 Christine swapped the comfort and security of life as a diplomat’s wife to make an extraordinary contribution to the Allied war effort in occupied Europe and beyond, where she became one of the most loved as well as one of the most successful female agents of the war. Susan Ottaway is the author of several books including Dambuster: a Life of Guy Gibson VC (1994), (with Jackie George) She Who Dared: Covert Operations in Northern Ireland with the SAS (1999), Violette Szabo – The Life That I Have (2002) and Hitler’s Traitors (2003). Sisters, Secrets and Sacrifice is the true story of sisters Eileen and Jaqueline Nearne, who worked for the Special Operations Executive. In 1944, Eileen Nearne flew into German-occupied France as a wireless operator for the SOE, attached to a circuit in the south of Paris, and was captured and incarcerated in Ravensbrück Concentration camp. Eileen Nearne not only survived the camp but managed to escape from a work party, eventually meeting up with the advancing Americans in the spring of 1945. Meanwhile her sister Jacqueline worked for a very large circuit for 15 months before being brought back to England suffering from exhaustion. days meeting agents returning from behind enemy lines, acting as a decoy, passing on messages in tea rooms and picking up codes in crossword puzzles. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"<s> ""Analysis of Factors Influencing the College Choice Decisions of NCAA D"" by Jon Lin, Lisa Paulson et al. The student-athlete college selection process is a major decision impacting their future academic and athletic success. A better understanding of factors influencing this selection process will aid intercollegiate athletic programs in recruiting and retaining the highest caliber athletes possible. This study examined the factors influencing the college choice decisions of NCAA Division II elite track and field athletes across the United States. The participants were 320 athletes who represented 78 NCAA Division II institutions located in eight regions across the United States. This article discusses the most important factors involved in the college selection process of NCAA Division II elite track and field athletes. Practitioners may use this information to effectively shape their recruiting and marketing practices. Lin, Jon; Paulson, Lisa; Romsa, Bryan; Walker, Hal J.; and Romsa, Katelyn, ""Analysis of Factors Influencing the College Choice Decisions of NCAA Division II Elite Track and Field Athletes"" (2017). Counseling and Human Development Faculty Publications. 38. </s>" <s> """Analysis" of Factors Influencing the College Choice Decisions of NCAA "D""" by Jon Lin, Lisa Paulson et al. The student-athlete college selection process is a major decision impacting their future academic and athletic success. A better understanding of factors influencing this selection process will aid intercollegiate athletic programs in recruiting and retaining the highest caliber athletes possible. This study examined the factors influencing the college choice decisions of NCAA Division II elite track and field athletes across the United States. The participants were 320 athletes who represented 78 NCAA Division II institutions located in eight regions across the United States. This article discusses the most important factors involved in the college selection process of NCAA Division II elite track and field athletes. Practitioners may use this information to effectively shape their recruiting and marketing practices. Lin, Jon; Paulson, Lisa; Romsa, Bryan; Walker, Hal J.; and Romsa, Katelyn, """Analysis" of Factors Influencing the College Choice Decisions of NCAA Division II Elite Track and Field "Athletes""" (2017). Counseling and Human Development Faculty Publications. 38. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"<s> Glyph Lefkowitz just wrote an excellent article titled Ethics for Programmers: Primum non Nocere. It's an excellent read, and I encourage everyone to do so. Because of the sheer importance of computer systems in our lives and societies, we need to ensure, not just through rigorous development practices and source code review by our peers, that our product is of the highest quality it can be and free from malicious code by adhering to ethical, industry-wide standards. The only real problem with this sort of thing is not just programmers, but managers and thus companies should be forced to abide by these ethics. Perhaps even penalties for failure to do so. Reason being that managers will always have ideas that we programmers consider unethical, then we get fired for refusing to do the work as it violates our ethics. I see this as a Good Thing (tm). However, I don't see it happening soon enough. Also don't see any sort of body to be a central place that us ethical programmer can associate with. The first that comes to mind is the ACM (who have a Code of Ethics themselves). Perhaps the need to for this sort of standards body could help springboard the idea of a Programmer's Union. (Which is needed, because if I refuse to do the work because of ethical reasons, that it's not hard for a company to just find another programmer without such ethical constraints). In any event, the idea of industry-wide standards of ethics is a Good Thing. I just hope that everyone has the testicular fortitude to abide by their ethics in the face of management. 1/8/2014 - Updated the link to the ACM's Code of Ethics. </s>" <s> Glyph Lefkowitz just wrote an excellent article titled Ethics for Programmers: Primum non Nocere. It's an excellent read, and I encourage everyone to do so. Because of the sheer importance of computer systems in our lives and societies, we need to ensure, not just through rigorous development practices and source code review by our peers, that our product is of the highest quality it can be and free from malicious code by adhering to ethical, industry-wide standards. The only real problem with this sort of thing is not just programmers, but managers and thus companies should be forced to abide by these ethics. Perhaps even penalties for failure to do so. Reason being that managers will always have ideas that we programmers consider unethical, then we get fired for refusing to do the work as it violates our ethics. I see this as a Good Thing (tm). However, I don't see it happening soon enough. Also don't see any sort of body to be a central place that us ethical programmer can associate with. The first that comes to mind is the ACM (who have a Code of Ethics themselves). Perhaps the need to for this sort of standards body could help springboard the idea of a Programmer's Union. (Which is needed, because if I refuse to do the work because of ethical reasons, that it's not hard for a company to just find another programmer without such ethical constraints). In any event, the idea of industry-wide standards of ethics is a Good Thing. I just hope that everyone has the testicular fortitude to abide by their ethics in the face of management. 1/8/2014 - Updated the link to the ACM's Code of Ethics. </s>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
